Hi , My name is Mendy , I 'm new to this , I have a 5 yr old son named Trevis , and he 's been diginosed with PDD , At first the therapist was thinking that he had aspbergers , but according to the dr , he has PDD ... . something i had never heard of . He first started balling up and going threw screaming fits , at school and at home . We starting counsiling and he started seeing a pycholigist , we tried Adderal , that made the `` fit 's or meltdowns '' worse , they then put him on Straterra well that was a bad mistake . he we n't from 1 fit a day to 2 fits aday that lasted for 8 hrs straight , he would n't eat , he looked so pale white that u thought he was very ill. dr took him off that med and tried him on Abilify , well on that one u could n't see any difference at all , it was as if he was n't on any med at all . so i finally told the dr , i wanted some testing done before we `` experiment `` with any more meds . So , now my son wo n't do the testing cause the person doing the testing is a stranger and he wo n't even look at nor talk to them to get the testing done . they had me fill out some papers and answer alot of questions and came up with the dignose of him having PDD . the dr said that he had some signs of Autism but she would know more if he would do the test , as of now she 's just leaving it PDD . I also have a 9 yr old that is ADD he 's on Wellbutrin and Focolin ... he 's doing great on those meds , we 've tried concerta , straterra , and adderall , but none of those worked with him , the dr said that the wellbutrin was n't a `` ADHD or ADD '' med , but sometimes when a ADD or ADHD med does n't work on a ADD or ADHD child the welbutrin seems to work as one ... ( if any of that made sense ) Does anyone have any idea 's on what i 'm needing to do now ? Trevis sees a counsiler and a therapist 1 time a week , i 'm trying to wait on putting him on meds till maybe we can get the testing done . any and all ideas or comments are welcome thank you ! - we 've interrupted this marriage to raise children