I was diagnosed with preeclampsia at 24 weeks with my oldest son , bedrest for 13 weeks with induction at 37 weeks . I was horrible sick and it did affect him , as he gained very little weight over the last 10 weeks I was pregnant . I was on mag sulfate , stadol , and finally an epidural as they were preparing for an inevitable c-section when I finally started progressing . After brith , ds had problems with maintaining his body weight and blodd sugar levels and jaundice . They kept telling us the mag effects would be gone in 24 hours ( 5 days later I felt back to normal and the BURNS on my skin from the mag in my sweat eating away at the frames of my glasses took 3 weeks to heal ) and DS was much less responsive for about 5 days as well . After that he was pretty much a normal kid , ate like crazy and shot from the 5 % in weight to 90 % in weight in 6 weeks ( and stayed there ) . He hit all of his milestones etc.. the only thing he did have was an incidence of perioribital cellulitis at age 5 months ( infection of the tissue surrounding the eye ) and then a series of ear infections for the next 5 months after that . We did not catch any speech delay until he was almost 2 1/2 years old ( and at the time we also thought it was rather odd he showed no interest at all in my pregnancy , but we thought and still think it was his way of showing he was upset coupled with the arrivial of the baby and him telling it to go away whenever he could ) . It is most likely that the ear infections played a strong role in the development of his speech delay because he had no movement in his ear drums and we know he was unable to hear some sounds . As for the rest , its possible that how sick I was also plays a role in him today ( a long with genes ) . I also had it with my youngest DS , but no where near as severe and I was no were near as ill . I also was also on bedrest for 6 weeks with him , but it was preventative to keep my blood pressure down and I was induced the immediately after it went up and stayed up .