I have not been introduced to it yet but found this on http : //www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi ? cmd=Retrieve & a mp ; db=pubmed & amp ; dopt=Abstract & amp ; list_uids=10933118 Long-term risperidone for pervasive developmental disorder : efficacy , tolerability , and discontinuation.Zuddas A , Di Martino A , Muglia P , Cianchetti C.Child Neurology and Psychiatry , Department of Neuroscience , University of Cagliari , Italy . azuddas @ unica.itTo investigate the safety ( e.g. , weight gain , liver function , extrapyramidal side effects , and seizures ) and efficacy of the long-term use of risperidone in children and adolescents and to ascertain the effects of drug withdrawal in a semi-naturalistic prospective , subjects with autism or pervasive developmental disorders not otherwise specified ( PDDNOS ) were treated with risperidone for 6 months after which parents were given the option of continuing for a further 6 months ( final assessment at 12 months ) . Behavioral rating included Childhood Autism Rating Scale ( CARS ) , Child Psychiatric Rating Scale ( CPRS ) , Clinical Global Impression ( CGI ) , and Child-Global Assessment Scale ( C-GAS ) . Risperidone significantly ameliorated behavioral symptoms of PDD in 10 out of 11 subjects , with the effects on core symptoms being of smaller amplitude and of slower onset . No loss of effectiveness was observed in patients who continued risperidone for 12 months , while a relapse of associated behavioral symptoms occurred in the others . Weight gain was common , although the rate of increase lessened over a period of time ; after drug withdrawal , considerable weight loss was observed in the patient who had previously shown the most significant increase . After 6 months of therapy , two patients developed facial dystonia : this disappeared after reducing dosage in one case , after drug discontinuation in the other . Amenorrhea was also observed , but no changes in liver function , blood tests or EEG were reported . The data indicate that risperidone is an effective and relatively safe drug for long term treatment of behavioral disruption in autistic children and adolescents.- Krystal Mom to Athena ( 5-NT ) ; Junior ( 4-ASD ) ; Fabian ( 3-ASD ) ; Kris ( 2-ASD ) ; Marcos ( Just Born ! ! ) Our children are a miracle and hope for the future ! ! I love my children with Autism ! !