Joeys Breath of Life 825 North 300 West C/O ReGenesis Foundation Salt Lake City , UT 84103 We would like to take this opportunity to share our story with you . Joeys Breath of Life is part of the ReGenesis Foundation , a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax clearance . We started this project after our son Joey died from an unknown brain disease . At six months old he was rolling over , starting to sit up , and eating baby food like a champ , until one day it all changed . Almost overnight Joey regressed . He no longer tried to sit up , he went almost completely blind , and eating was all of a sudden difficult . In August of 2006 Joey was hospitalized for uncontrollable seizures . During that hospital stay a friend proposed we try Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy . Joey started his treatments in October . Traditionally hyperbarics is done in 40 treatment sessions , Joey was only able to complete 12 treatments before he was put on a ventilator and we had to stop . Even in just 12 treatments we were able to see its amazing benefits . Joey started to hold up his head up again and for the first time in his life he tracked light with his eyes . When we started hyperbarics in October Joey was already very sick and we feel he started getting his treatments to late . Joey passed away on April 16th , 2007 . The mission of Joeys Breath of Life is to help parents and care givers of children with neuro-developmental disabilities and brain injuries who desire to use hyperbaric oxygen treatments as a therapeutic option . Now you may ask what exactly is Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy ? It is pure oxygen given to the patient under pressure . With hyperbarics and children with brain injuries they are able to get pure oxygen to the brain . So take for instance a child with cerebral palsy . These children have a part of their brain that is dead . In theory Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy delivers pure oxygen to the brain which reaches and regenerate dormant tissue around the dead brain matter bringing back some function to that area . The cost of hyperbaric therapy is tremendous and since it is not approved for this use insurance will not cover treatment . Forty treatments can cost anywhere from $ 3,000 to $ 6,000 . We are asking that you please consider helping these children . Please look at our website at www.joeysbreathoflife.com Any little bit makes a difference Thank you . Sincerely , Kevin and Stephanie Emery