HappyDaysAhead wrote : ScrappyMommyof3 wrote : My son did n't respond well to PECS either ( he 's almost 7 ) but he did respond somewhat to the Ipad but it was expensive for us ( we have two other children ) so the SLP suggested a Dynavox Maestro which was completely covered by insurance for us . It works on the same idea as PECS ( in fact the pictures are PECS ) but the device models the words for him . That seems to be working for him at the moment and we are getting more speech . We also have him on a variety of biomedical supplements as behavior is a big issue for us too . Taurine at 500mgs three times a day helps and we have him on DMG which has been shown to help with speech . Since we started the DMG it has helped with spontaneous speech but it does have behavior issues that come with it . Luckily the Taurine seems to be keeping that to a minimum . Hi , what is DMG , what is your son 's daily dosage what behavioral issues are you seeing with it ? I had never heard of Taurine as being useful for speech production score , but I will try it and see , especially since you have had success with it . Thank you so much for sharing ! DMG is a supplement , the one I would suggest is Kirkland ( www.kirklandgroup.com ) as it comes with inositol ( niacin ) which helps with calming . Mostly we are getting mild aggression and hyperactivity . The taurine and inositol help to keep that to a minimum and we give 125mgs a day in the morning . Since we started it I have n't seen super dramatic results but we have seen more speech on a global level , he 's even attempted a few sentences instead of just certain words and he 's attempting words that he did n't have before . Taurine does n't really help with the speech but it does help with calming and focus , we give 500mgs three times a day and I like that it calms some of the issues that we get from the DMG . Also try fish oil , it helps too . We give 2000 of that split in two-1000 in the morning and 1000 in the afternoon . We 've found that many of our son 's issues have been helped by supplements . Here 's a list of what I do : Morning : 200mgs of B6 100mgs of magnesium ( helps with calming ) 500mgs of Taurine ( helps with calming ) Daily multivitamin 125mgs of DMG B Complex Focus Factor ( a supplement mostly of b vitamins , inositol and CoEnzyme Q10 ) 1000mgs Fish Oil Mid day : 500mgs Taurine ( calming . I mix in his thermos so he gets it at school ) Afternoon : Same as morning minus the multivitamin Resolving sleep issues also helps , our son is often too busy to go to sleep so we do 3mgs of melatonin about 20 minutes before his bedtime to help him get the rest he needs . ASD kids often have a hard time producing their own serotonin and melatonin is good for this .