MCA , I 've been meaning to mention to you that the psychiatrist that spoke at the conference I went to last week said they are doing a study on D-cycloserine ( Seromycin ) . It is an antibiotic that is used to treat TB at high doses , and it has been found to be helpful at lower doses for some other conditions . http : //panicdisorder.about.com/od/socia ... serine.htm Quote : D-Cycloserine ( DCS ) is an antibiotic approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to treat tuberculosis . It already has been shown to have positive effects in the treatment of Alzheimer 's disease , schizophrenia , and acrophobia ( the fear of heights ) . In animal and some human studies , DCS has been shown to help learning . Researchers believe that fear learning and extinction is blocked by brain chemicals at a brain receptor known as glutamatergic N-methyl-D-aspartate ( NMDA ) . The NMDA receptor plays an important role in learning and memory . Animal and human studies have shown that D-Cycloserine assists brain chemicals at the NMDA receptor . More importantly , DCS appears to help decrease conditioned fear , particularly if used prior to exposure to the feared situation or object . The research is being done at Indiana University : http : //clinicaltrials.gov/ct/show/NCT00198120 They have already done one study there on this drug : http : //www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/quer ... DB=pubmed Quote : A pilot study of D-cycloserine in subjects with autistic disorder . Posey DJ , Kem DL , Swiezy NB , Sweeten TL , Wiegand RE , McDougle CJ . Riley Hospital for Children , Room 4300 , 702 Barnhill Drive , Indianapolis , IN 46220 , USA . OBJECTIVE : The authors assessed the effects of D-cycloserine on the core symptom of social impairment in subjects with autism . METHOD : Following a 2-week , single-blind placebo lead-in phase , drug-free subjects with autistic disorder were administered three different doses of D-cycloserine during each of three 2-week periods . Measures used for subject ratings included the Clinical Global Impression ( CGI ) scale and Aberrant Behavior Checklist . RESULTS : Significant improvement was found on the CGI and social withdrawal subscale of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist . d-Cycloserine was well tolerated at most of the doses used in this study . CONCLUSIONS : In this pilot study , D-cycloserine treatment resulted in significant improvement in social withdrawal . Further controlled studies of D-cycloserine in autism appear warranted .