srinath- here are potential side effects of Zithromax . Quote : Side effects can not be anticipated . If any develop or change in intensity , inform your doctor as soon as possible . Only your doctor can determine if it is safe for you to continue taking Zithromax . More common side effects may include : Abdominal pain , diarrhea or loose stools , nausea or vomiting Less common side effects may include : Blood in the stools , chest pain , dizziness , drowsiness , fatigue , gas , headache , heart palpitations , indigestion , itching , jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ) , kidney infection , light sensitivity , rash , severe allergic reaction including swelling ( as in hives ) , vaginal inflammation , vertigo , yeast infection Other uncommon side effects sometimes seen in children include : Agitation , constipation , cough , facial swelling , feeling of illness , fever , fungal infection , insomnia , loss of appetite , nervousness , overactivity , pinkeye , runny nose , shortness of breath , sore throat , stomach inflammation , sweating along with special warnings ... Quote : Like certain other antibiotics , Zithromax may cause a potentially life-threatening form of diarrhea called pseudomembranous colitis . Pseudomembranous colitis may clear up spontaneously when the drug is stopped ; if it does n't , hospital treatment may be required . If you develop diarrhea , check with your doctor immediately . If you have a liver problem , your doctor should monitor you very carefully while you are taking Zithromax . and possible interactions ... Quote : Do not take Zithromax with antacids containing aluminum or magnesium , such as Maalox and Mylanta . If Zithromax is taken with certain other drugs , the effects of either could be increased , decreased , or altered . It is especially important to check with your doctor before combining Zithromax with the following : Nelfinavir ( Viracept ) Warfarin ( Coumadin ) Digoxin ( Lanoxin , Lanoxicaps ) Ergot-containing drugs such as Cafergot and D.H.E . Cyclosporine ( Neoral and Sandimmune ) Hexobarbital Phenytoin ( Dilantin ) Antibiotics are tremendously over-prescribed in this country . My children rarely have ear/throat infections , so we have avoided most antibiotics , fortunately for them . I call Zithromax `` the big guns '' antibiotic and feel that it should be prescribed only as a last result . It kills most all the bacteria -- not just the bad ones . Then you have to `` build up '' the population of good bacteria all over again . I 've always hated the diarrhea that so frequently occurs with an antibiotic use .