Hi , I just joined this forum today . I have a 4 year old son , whose DX is PDD-NOS . He has made a lot of progress in the last year , is a very verbal and social child , goes to regular preschool w/o an aide and so on . His sensory issues are more prominent . The biggest issue is that he has this hand/arm tremor flapping that he does when he is excited . He has been doing it since he was about a year old ( before the MMR shot , shortly after he stopped breastfeeding , ca n't think of any other events around that time ) . It has morphed and reduced over time , but it is still present and is very prominent . Anyway , so this is the main issue I am seeking biomedical treatment for . We have started seeing a holistic pediatrician who knows DAN protocol and also supports bioset/homeopathy etc . We did the peptide test and the OAT test . The peptide test came back with high casomorphin , and we are in the process of doing CF . Hope to do GF in summer for a trial . I got the the OAT test results for my son recently . I am yet to see the doctor to discuss this . Have been trying to read up about the specific things I see here . I am happy to see that there is no yeast/clostrodia overgrowth , but some of the other things especially the ammonia part is scary . Can anyone shed any light on what renal ammonia excess means , and if there is a connection with repetitive movements such as flapping ? Thanks Nupur Nutrient Markers -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 1 . Fatty Acid Metabolism Adipate and suberate are high , indicating fatty acid oxidation problems , recommendation carnitine and B2 . 2 . No abnormality in carbohydrate metabolism 3 . Energy production markers : Isocitrate high , indicating renal ammonia loading , recommendation Arginine Lipoic acid 4 . B-Complex markers : beta-hydroxyisovalerate high , indicating impaired isoleucine metabolism , recommendation Biotin B2 5 . Methylation cofactor markers : Formiminoglutamate very high , indicating tetrahydrofolate insufficiency , recommendation folic acid . Cell Regulation Markers -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 6 . Neurotransmitter metabolism markers : Quinolinate high , indicating receptor agonist , recommendation magnesium immune support . 7 . Oxidant and oxidative stress : p-hydroxyphenyllactate high , indicating pro-oxidant and carcinogen , recommendation VitC and E. Toxicants and Detox -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 8 . Detox indicators : no abnormality found Bacteria/Yeast/Fungi -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 9 . General bacterial : phenylacetate high , indicating intestinal bacterial overgrowth , recommendation probiotics . 10.Clostridial species : no abnormality found 11 . Yeast/Fungal : no abnormality found .