Thanks so much for the reply , Tami - very much appreciated . Sorry , yes , we ramped up to those doses on a gradual schedule . Also , yes , I should have continued to test saliva and 1st morning urine . I will go back to doing that though his intial results there were good and seemed within your recommended range . Have been on LiverLife for several weeks now and are up to ~1-1.5 dropperfuls , twice a day so I had just assumed that all would be good . Thankfully , our son tolerates that and NDF , NDF+ well so we 've been using all three ( in those same amounts ) . Regarding the NDF and NDF+ I see no signs of any obvious problems at present . Then again I see no signs that they 're working , nor am I really testing for this , I guess . His Great Plains and French tests suggest elevated CoProporphyrin ( by 50 % over reference range ) , and possibly PreCoproporphyrin and Hexacarboxyporphyrin ( again by 50 % more than reference range ) . Lacking more information now , I 'm taking that to mean that he has a modest amount of mercury in him . We should probably be doing the Doctor 's Data urine tests before and after using NDF , NDF+ to see their effect . We 're also about to do a hair test , and maybe a blood test . It 's easy to start thinking of NDF , NDF+ as `` safe , natural , chelators that can only help '' . However , the more I read about Andy Cutler 's approach and reasoning ( online and in his books ) the more that seems both daft and dangerous . It 's hard to disagree with him . Every chelator can be dangerous if misused . Your help with some questions would again be appreciated , as we rethink for our situation ... [ i.e . a Mild Case kid , where `` do no harm '' is probably as important as `` try to help him improve '' . ] Can I ask why you recommend dosing with NDF , NDF+ just 1-2 times a day ? How does that keep a roughly constant amount in the blood and avoid simply depositing the mercury ( and whatever other metals get bound ) somewhere else in the body/brain as the amounts of these substances wane after the spike ( which probably has to happen given this dosing schedule ) ? Does the cillantro and chlorella in your product cross the blood-brain barrier ? How would you recommend dosing if NDF , NDF+ would be used to supplement DMSA ( and later ALA ) if used according to the every 3 hour schedule suggested by Cutler ? [ I 'm seriously considering discontinuing NDF , NDF+ until/unless we start using DMSA/ALA accoring to that protocol . ] Thanks yet again