I searched the internet and found that Folinic acid ( INN ) or leucovorin ( USAN ) , generally administered as calcium folinate ( or leucovorin calcium ) , is an adjuvant used in cancer chemotherapy involving the drug methotrexate . It is also used in synergistic combination with the chemotherapy agent 5-fluorouracil . Folinic acid is not folic acid . As both are different things , why we use one to replace when the other is not working . How would this kind of cancer treatment drug help our autistic kids . In another website I read : You 'll probably be familiar with the benefits of folic acid . In the past , HSI Panellists have brought you reports on how this vital nutrient can help you maintain good health - most recently we told you about its ability to lower levels of a chemical called homocysteine , which is associated with heart disease . Recent research has uncovered a new activated form of folic acid - folinic acid - which may help fight neuropsychiatric illnesses such as depression , memory loss and even dementia Is your health suffering from a folic acid deficiency ? Folic acid occurs naturally as a complex of related substances called folates , found in sprouts , Brewers ' yeast , liver and kidney . Folic acid undergoes a series of complicated vitamin and energy-dependent changes in your body , between your intestine and liver , before it is converted to its active form , methylfolate . A break in any one of these processes resulting from dietary deficiency , malabsorption , liver disease or pregnancy , can soon lead to low levels of methylfolate in your brain . Now , new research suggests that neuropsychiatric symptoms like dementia , insomnia , irritability , forgetfulness , depression , and even schizophrenia may result . Folinic acid , taken as calcium folinate , is a far more potent form of folic acid . The new form of dietary folate is about to change all that . Folinic acid , available supplementally as oral calcium folinate , supplies a ready-made precursor to areas of the brain where it is lacking , for rapid conversion to methylfolate . . Folinic acid 's antidepressant effect is due to its ability to regenerate a brain chemical called SAMe . This in turn directly bolsters the brain 's 'sunshine chemical ' serotonin , which increases your feelings of overall well-being and lifts your mood . Is it true that folinic acid generate SAMe.If yes , then it would harm overmethylated persons who are supposed to be benefit from folates . Are folate and folinate related or not related . I do not understand this fully . Can anyone explain ? rlneub wrote : Folate = Folic Acid Folinate = folinic Acid . After you have baseline with the shots you can try folinic ( folinate ) . Start low and gradually build up to full dose . If you have regression then go to folic . _________________ Penny mummy of a 7 year old high functioning boy