Hi my son Joseph is 3 , almost 4 and we use mostly Kirkman labs since I know for sure they are Hypoallergenic wtih no artifical anything and free of allergens . What I have come to find over the last 14 months of using this vitamin protocol is that it is imperative for good results for the child to take 100 % of the vitamins everyday . For a while I let him get away with not taking this or that and he was falling to the wayside again . I now place demands on him and he takes them without any trouble . I have to feed them to him and use distractions like a Thomas video or we read but he eats them and he understands how important they are not only to him but to me as well . Be creative when giving them and be firm ... it 's their life . We use : Thorne Research : Vitamin C with Flavinoids Beta Carotene from Mixed Carotenes Kirlman Labs : all hypoallergenic formulas Amino Support B-Complex pro support Beta Glucan Calcium Powder CarbDigest CLO CoQ10 Detoxification Aid Pro SupportII Enzyme Aid Enzyme Complete Folinic Acid Ginko Biloba Glycine L-Glutamine Milk Thistle Molybdemun MultiMineral Complex Pro Support NAC P5P with Magnesium Pro Bio Gold Reduced L-Glutathione Selenium Taurine 1000mg Thera Response Vitamin E Zinc BrainChild Nutritionals Liquid Zinc Intestamend ( here and there ) We also are : Chelating with DMPS Subcutaneous MB12 Taking Epsom Salt Baths Use NDF and NDF Plus Starting : EDTA and possibly in the near future Naltrexone Joseph is also a patient of Dr. Krigsman , pediatric Gastroenterologist . He was diagnosed wtih Lymphonodular Hyperplasia and is taking a prescription for that as well I do n't think I 've left anything out ! ./images/smilies/icon_eek.gif ./images/smilies/icon_eek.gif Wow ! Until you really type it out you kind of do n't realize how much you have going on ! LOL Joseph just saw his wonderful DAN ! on Saturday for his annual check up and is actually now considered high functioning . He said Joseph was the best physical he has done in 6-8 weeks . He looks great , his muscle tone is excellent and best of all his heartrate is strong and healthy . He was low very functioning last year . There really is hope for all these kids you just have to pray and jump with both feet , but be cautious as well . I definately believe my son will recover but if I did n't believe who would . We all must stay positive through this trial . We are all given heartaches and hardships , at least our children are here to love and we have not lost them . I know I could n't deal with that . Good luck and God Bless Donna