If you do a search of the site using `` springboard '' as the keyword you can find some information on it . I found this from an old post ... Quote : Hello , I wanted to bring to light a few details about transdermal MB12 . 1 . Methylcobalamin , whether in a cream , injection , or nasal spray needs to be refrigerated at all times . We have conducted stability studies with an independent lab and have found out that after 2 weeks unrefrigerated , Methylcobalamin has already lost approximately 25 % of it 's activity . So , if you are using a Methylcobalamin product that is not refrigerated , you are not receiving the full benefits from that product . 2 . Methylcobalamin has a molecular weight of 1344 . It is generally considered that active ingredients with a molecular weight over 500 are too large to be absorbed by the skin . At our pharmacy , we have worked very hard to overcome this issue . Our formulation contains several unique technologies to enhance the absorption of Methylcobalamin through the skin . This is a formulation that we are extremely proud of , and we have had very good success with . We have even heard of some patients that did not respond to the injections but did respond well to the transdermal formulation . 3 . Dr Neubrander 's office reports a 30 % effectiveness for transdermal methylcobalamin . It is important to understand that this is only a gauge of the effectiveness of the particular formulation that they use in their practice . This is not an accurate representation of any other formulation of transdermal methylcobalamin . Each specific formulation needs to be evaluated independently . The research on transdermal penetration of drugs consistently proves this to be true . For example , a study was done to compare the skin absorption of the name brand version of Acyclovir ointment to the generic version . It was found that the name brand product delivered 7 times more Acyclovir through the skin than the generic version ! Both products contained the exact same concentration of Acyclovir , but the vehicle designed around each formulation was different . The design of the vehicle is what made all of the difference . The same is likely true when comparing specific formulations of methylcobalamin . Thanks , Adam Lee Silsby Pharmacy _________________ Sherri Momma to Keith , 16 , non-verbal autistic with Tuberous Sclerosis