According to Dr. Neubrander , this is not a good idea to give MB12 together with TMG , becuase TMG blocks MB12 . This abstract is from Dr.Neubrander 's paper from his website : The use of TMG As previously discussed , methionine synthase in the brain has a different configuration than the configuration methionine synthase has in the body . Also discussed above is the fact that the enzyme TMG upregulates BHMT which is not present in the brain but is primarily found in the liver ( and kidney but to a lesser extent ) . This is in contrast to the enzyme that methyl-B12 upregulates , methionine synthase , which is present throughout the body but is critically important in the brain for its methylation products . Brain methylation products result in cognition , focus , attention , brain wave synchronization , speech , language , emotion , and socialization . Because the brain is only one part of the total body , it is important to understand that when the body as a whole perceives the need to create more methionine by adding a methyl group to homocysteine , it can do so by accepting a methyl group from methyl-B12 or by accepting one of the methyl groups from trimethylglycine ( TMG ) . [ Homocysteine + one methyl group ( either from methyl-B12 or TMG ) methionine SAM homocysteine repeat the cycle ] Remember , it is the bodys purpose is to always create equilibrium . Therefore , when BHMT enzyme activity is upregulated by TMG stimulation to produce more methionine , the counterbalancing effect to maintain equilibrium by not overproducing too much methionine is for methionine synthase enzyme activity to be downregulated . Because the cortex of the brain , at least for children on the autistic spectrum , needs large amounts of methionine synthase enzyme activity to produce cognition , language , socialization , etc. , anything that decreases its activity in the body also decreases its activity in the brain . Our clinic has repeatedly documented ( with rare exception ) that the use of TMG blocks the desired effects of methyl-B12 : cognition , language , socialization , etc. , and it is not until TMG is discontinued that the childs potential for cognition , language , socialization , etc . is able to realized to a significant degree . The before and after changes we have seen have been documented as undeniable improvements when compared to all other methyl-B12 protocols and when the reporting has been evaluated using the Parent Designed Report Form .