1 . Piracetam . It had a wow effect on day 1 . Improved speech from non-verbal to labeling over the course of a copule of months to the point that preschool teachers were asking what we had been using . Be careful where you buy it . There is no longer a US-made piracetam . Several US companies pack Piracetam imported from China . Some of these imported products have too many contaminants and are not as effective as the one I bought from SNS . 2 . DMG . Almost as good as Piracetam , but gave lots of tantrums and head banging . We had to switch to TMG , which had a much milder , almost unnoticeable effect . 3. iPad , especially flashcards and other language apps . Things we tried that did n't work : - Methyl B12 oral and shots . - Oxitocin nasal spray ( went all the way to 4mg/day ) . We 'll continue with higher doses after we finsih the current treatment . - Keppra 400mg/day . DS had abnormal EEG but without seizures . It made him very irritable , but he got used to it . - Super Nu-Thera . Nice multivitamin , but no visible improvement . - Extra vitamin D , C , folic acid - Cod liver fish oil ( almost 1g/day ) . We are continuing giving it to him , but no visible improvements . - Probitotics . We are continuing giving it to him , but ne visible improvements except for harder poop . - Epsom salt baths . Seem to have a mild calming effect . - Brain Highways ( What a joke ! I ca n't believe that I forced my ds to creep for 1hr a day for 8 weeks ) Things on the list to try next : - FLagyl/Nystatin to treat yeast and C. Difficile . - DMG again to see if ds will tolerate it better now . - Leucovorin calcium . DS has homozygous mutation in MTHFR A1298C which compromizes his methelation cycle , specifically B4 enzyme level . Adding folinic acid should help . - BH4 supplement ( Kuvan or compounded ) . - Phosphatidylserine bonded with DHA ( thanks to this forum for discovering this ) . Should reduce ADHD . - CoQ10 + Acetyl L-Carnitine . DS has a mitochondria disorder . This should help . Has anybody try PQQ ? - L-Carnosine + GABA . Somebody here reported good results . I also found some studies where autistic children treated with L-Carnosine showed significant improvements in behavior , socialization , and communication , as well as increases in language comprehension and expressive language . - AC chelation . Many here report good results with this one .