also : http : //www.globalsecurity.org/security/ ... dicine.htm There is adequate substantiation for the claim that Sambucol is effective in reducing the symptoms and duration of influenza A and B. Sambucus nigra L. products - Sambucol - are based on a standardized black elderberry extract . They are natural remedies with antiviral properties , especially against different strains of influenza virus . Sambucol was shown to be effective in vitro against 10 strains of influenza virus . In a double-blind , placebo-controlled , randomized study , Sambucol reduced the duration of flu symptoms to 3-4 days . Convalescent phase serum showed a higher antibody level to influenza virus in the Sambucol group , than in the control group . Sambucol Elderberry Extract and its formulations activate the healthy immune system by increasing inflammatory cytokine production . Sambucol might therefore be beneficial to the immune system activation and in the inflammatory process in healthy individuals or in patients with various diseases . Sambucol could also have an immunoprotective or immunostimulatory effect when administered to cancer or AIDS patients , in conjunction with chemotherapeutic or other treatments . Curcumin is a spice principle in , and constitutes approximately 4 percent of , turmeric , the ingredient that gives curry its yellow hue . Some have speculated that curcumin in high doses might inhibits the cytokine storms that are a leading cause of death from pandemic influenza , but this remains speculation . Curcumin 's immuno-modulating and anti-oxidant activities suggest that it might be a useful adjunct in the treatment of illnesses characterized by inflammation . NF-kappa B plays a critical role in the transcriptional regulation of proinflammatory gene expression in various cells . Cytokine-mediated activation of NF-kappa B requires activation of various kinases , which ultimately leads to the phosphorylation and degradation of I kappa B , the NF-kappa B cytoplasmic inhibitor . The food derivative curcumin has been shown to inhibit NF-kappa B activity in some cell types . _________________ mibrielle