. [ /quote ] Hi satirace ! It is pretty impressive . What are MB12 and B6 doses ? Thanks ! [ /quote ] Because both of these are based on weight , for reference DS is 41 pounds . MB 12 shots daily dose is 25MG/ML PFS B6 is now compounded into the BComplex but here is the makeup of the entire complex : Sig : Take the following in powder form 3 times daily : B1 - 15 mg ; B2- 5 mg ; B3- 15mg ; B5- 25 mg ; B6- 30 mg ( this is included as Pyridoxine Hydrochloride ) ; biotin 100 mcg ; inositol 75 mg ; choline 40 mg Yes FatherOf2 , I cry tears of happiness when I remember how GONE he was and where we are now . The top doc neurologist we consulted the first time gave us absolutely no hope . The extended family thought I was desperate and insane when we started this journey 2 years ago . Speech is our last big hurdle , he is SEVERELY apraxic , but after a 7 hour intensive speech eval they have told me his prognosis is excellent , that his jaw muscles are weak from not speaking for so long , and he has motor planning issues , but they feel that with therapy he has a good chance for normal speech . One thing that I forgot to add to the above list is that we also did 10 days of Alinia 3 months after the transplant . The transplant cured the CDiff and all tests have come up negative since but we still had loose stools . The Alinia cleared that up completely and we have had normal stools since . Not sure if it had anything to do with the amazing progress over the last 10 months but clearly it cleaned up something that we were not aware of in his gut and so should be mentioned . And of course it is also important to mention that we tried TONS of things that gave us small gains , or nothing at all . I cried every time I was alone for the entire first year . DO NOT GIVE UP , all of our children are different , not everything works , but somewhere out there might be your answer . And never rely on the doctor alone , Biomed or otherwise - research research research , I found my leads through other parents and we would definitely not be here today if not for that combination of parent information , doctor knowledge and the docs ability to write for tests and prescriptions !