I used Olympian Labs because it was soy free . My daughter is taking it also and so far she has not noticed any negative side effects . I think it depends on the person and the person 's diet . she eats very little meat and may not get enough from her diet . My son eats a lot of meat and may not need it as much . Also his gut is very sensitive . I think it is safe for most people but not everyone . Quote : Phosphatidylserine is POSSIBLY SAFE for most people . Its been used in research studies for up to six months . Phosphatidylserine use can , however , cause side effects including insomnia and stomach upset , particularly at doses over 300 mg. http : //www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplemen ... IDYLSERINE Quote : Be cautious with this combination Drying medications ( Anticholinergic drugs ) interacts with PHOSPHATIDYLSERINE Some drying medications are called anticholinergic drugs . Phosphatidylserine might increase chemicals that can decrease the effects of these drying medications . Some drying medications include atropine , scopolamine , and some medications used for allergies ( antihistamines ) and for depression ( antidepressants ) . Medications for Alzheimer 's disease ( Acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) inhibitors ) interacts with PHOSPHATIDYLSERINE Phosphatidylserine might increase a chemical in the body called acetylcholine . Medications for Alzheimer 's disease called acetylcholinesterase inhibitors also increase the chemical acetylcholine . Taking phosphatidylserine along with medications for Alzheimer 's disease might increase effects and side effects of medications for Alzheimer 's disease . Some acetylcholinesterase medications include donepezil ( Aricept ) , tacrine ( Cognex ) , rivastigmine ( Exelon ) , and galantamine ( Reminyl , Razadyne ) . Various medications used for glaucoma , Alzheimer 's disease , and other conditions ( Cholinergic drugs ) interacts with PHOSPHATIDYLSERINE Phosphatidylserine might increase a chemical in the body called acetylcholine . This chemical is similar to some medications used for glaucoma , Alzheimer 's disease , and other conditions . Taking phosphatidylserine with these medications might increase the chance of side effects . Some of these medications used for glaucoma , Alzheimer 's disease , and other conditions include pilocarpine ( Pilocar and others ) , and others . http : //www.webmd.com/vitamins-supplemen ... IDYLSERINE Here is some information on acetylcholine . http : //www.chemistryexplained.com/A-Ar/ ... oline.html