williams_dad wrote : Iodine and Selenium affect the thyroid taking them is more likely to bring things into line WD Iodine is necessary for the amino acid tyrosine to produce T3 , triiodothyronine and T4 , thyroxine , which are both involved in metabolic rate , they increase it , and are triggered to be made from the anterior pituitary 's thyroid stimulating hormone , which is ultimately stimulated by thyroid releasing factor from the hypothalamus . You could have too much iodine , but it would n't matter . It would be used on an as needed basis by the thyroid . shypri wrote : My husband blames the transdermal DMPS/glutathione for kickstarting her puberty ? I said , Nooo , I do n't think so But , I 'm asking the forum because I wonder too ? My query is the following as well : L-tyrosine ? Calcium/Magnesium ? METCOB/COPPER/SE ( PIC ) ? Have the above been known to cause early hair growth ? I 've stopped Respen-A for now . The hair growth was prior to starting respen-a . Lutenizing hormone and follice stimulating hormone are responsible for the release of estrogen and progesterone that would trigger puberty , and the master switch is the hypothalamus again , so unless this is being tampered with prematurely , unwanted expression of traits must be from another source . shypri wrote : Can taking supplements affect growth hormones ? As my daughter seems to be going through puberty at an earlier age than normal early . Saw the paed today and she has asked us to do some blood tests for the endocrine system and bone age test . Growth hormone releasing hormone is released by the hypothalamus to the anterior pituitary which then releases growth hormone , a direct hormone . It all leads back to the hypothalamus . Supplements may possibly stimulate or deceive the body into releasing one or many hormones into systemic circulation . Since many biological processes are maintained or regulated by feedback mechanisms , supplements may interrupt or further the feedback in an undesired manner .