CaringDad71 wrote : HI , When I was giving a good deal of zinc picolinate , my child also was getting the increased chewing , mouthing behavior . Although pica can be a sign of zinc deficiency , I have found that excessive zinc can also trigger this behavior . Moreover , if the zinc supplementation is too aggressive , this can activate metallothioneins a tad early and thus , exacerbate a zinc deficiency and possibly worsen the zinc/copper ratio ; 7 zinc ions are sacrificed to displace 1 copper ion . It is recommended to start low and slow to build up the zinc stores slowly . Furthermore , optimal zinc absorption is achieved with cofactors such as molybdenum , manganese , magnesium , vit b6 and vitamin C. It is agreed that the picolinate form is the best in terms of absorption ( perhaps , too good ! ) . Perhaps , lower dosages will be sufficient for support since picolinate is the most efficient at cell delivery . Some parents have found that switching to other forms worked out better -- -zinc sulfate drops ( body bio ) or zinc citrate or zinc monomethionine are also well absorbed , but will require higher dosages than the picolinate form . I did the urine essential elements test with Genova and I found that my child was replete with zinc . I now give it sporadically and she does much better . The chewing/biting/mouthing has subsided to a great degree . Give zinc away from Calcium by at least a couple of hours . Another reason to not go overboard with zinc is that excessive zinc overactivates the NMDA receptors which is undesirable . Good Luck ! Hi Caring Dad , Thanks very kindly for your advice . We are already using zinc picolinate as well as zinc chelate . We are also giving the other supps you mention that help zinc to be absorbed ( vitamin C , magnesium , manganese , B6 etc. ) . Our son sees a Pfeiffer-trained doctor , and all of these are in his Primer supplement . We 've had problems with his zinc levels for years . We 've played around with different forms and different amounts , but still no luck . We keep yo-yo'ing from just within range to below minimum . Something we are doing is not right ... I will print out what you 've written and take it in to my doc the next time we visit ! Thank you again for your thoughts . I appreciate it very much .