This is an old post but I found some interesting data : Vitamin A and Secretory IgA Vitamin A has been well known for its protective roles against infections . An important part of the protective roles might be through its ability to enhance antibody responses , especially IgA antibody responses in mucosal tissues.12 IgA is secreted into the gut lining and provides protection against harmful pathogens . It thus helps maintain a healthy flora . Retinoic acid , derived from vitamin A in the diet , exerts a positive impact on the precursors for IgA-producing plasma cells . In the intestine , induction and regulation of mucosal immunity takes place primarily in Peyers patches , together with other parts of gut-associated lymphoid tissue ( GALT ) and the gut-draining mesenteric lymph nodes . Every hour of every day your Peyers patches , clusters of cells in the lining of the small intestine , are a hotbed of signaling and conversation about the food youre eating . Their job is to help us share our gut with trillions of bacteria in a reasonably diplomatic manner , so we have friendly handshakes at the dinner table , not food fights and drunken brawls . With adequate vitamin A our gut is less likely to be chronically inflamed by inappropriate T-cell conversion leading to a myriad of inflammatory diseases.13 Our diets have changed dramatically over time , and to try to compensate for what weve lost in fresh , farm grown produce and pastured dairy and meat , weve fortified our foods . But if people dont tolerate fortified milk , wheat and cerealswhich are common allergensand if they dont eat organ meats and are poor converters of carotene , they may well be deficient in vitamin A.14 The more deficient in retinoic acid they are , the greater their risk of loss of immunological tolerance . I give these patients a preformed vitamin A supplement of 12,500 units a day . I often find that will calm a patients mucosal immune system down so the foods theyre ingesting dont act as provocateurs . Adequate vitamin A with suitable probiotics and SIgA promotion with Sacharomyces boulardii is the first step in restoring immunological health . http : //www.nutricology.com/August-2010- ... p-108.html I think Vitamin A can do a lot for these kids .