CaringDad71 wrote : Hi Basal , This sounds like a cbs upregulation which some say is the predisposing 'trump card ' for autism . High ammonia , high taurine and cysteine usually are the markers . However , you may see other values which may indicate a cbs upregulation : Indications of CBS up regulations ( not necessarily all of these , but several ) Urine AA Test : -Elevated taurine -Elevated ammonia -Decreased citrulline -Decreased methionine -Elevated phenylalanine OAT/MAT : -Elevated hippuric -Decreased fumarate -Elevated phenyl lactate , phenyl acetate , phenylethylamine , -Decreased oxaloacetate or decreased oxalates Secondary to decreased oxalate you can find elevated hydroxymethylglutarate and elevated hydroxybutyrate . Elevated ammonia requires more urea cycle function , depleting oxaloacetate from the Krebs cycle . Imbalances in oxaloacetate can lead to an increases in the level of hydroxybutyrate . Blood work may show : Low CO2 Low creatinine Keep in mind that sometimes they are not evident until you begin supplementing the methylation cycle . I agree with some of the suggestions above . Most importantly : -low protein diet ... too many amino acids ( read ammonia ) generate excess ammonia . Maximum should be no more than 80 grams/day . -each protein meal can be supplemented with Yucca herb to help prevent ammonia formation . -charcoal flushes 1-2 times /week . Give charcoal and followup ( hopefully 2-3 hours apart ) with magnesium citrate to ensure bowel movement on the next day . -The Yasko RNA ( either ammonia support or cbs+ ) can be very helpful to slowdown the overactive cbs enzyme . Without slowing down the cbs , the methyl intermediates are being depleted prematurely from the cycle and one is wasting money/time on MB12 , 5MTHF , TMG , DMG , SAMe ... they will drain through to form more ammonia and toxic sulfites . The excess sulfites may exacerbate already strained molybdenum stores . Moreover , the excess sulfur can also impact G6PDH levels . Increased Cysteine production means excess taurine by default . Consequently , Glutathione synthesis suffers . -As mentioned do supplement molybdenum , manganese ... but , first check blood platelet mineral levels and/or urine essential elements . With time , sufficient control of the cbs in tandem with sufficient molybdenum may reduce the sulfur pool . -consider BH4 ( tetrahydrobiopterin ) . Occasionally , the ammonia can also come from not only cbs but also from urea cycle defects e.g. , NOS SNPs . This can also drive up ammonia . Sometimes medications can also do this . You can check by doing a blood panel check for single nucleotide polymorphisms like cbs , nos to confirm . Hope That This Helps ! Perfect . Basal , I know that it 's hard to understand Yasko 's protocol , but Caringdad explained it perfectly . Try to follow his suggestions .