Quoting from : http : //www.hdlighthouse.org/see/brain/dserine.htm : The current study adds conclusive evidence to the idea that D-serine -- released from astrocytes -- activates receptors on key nerve cells in the brain . Activating these receptors , called NMDA receptors , has long been linked with learning , memory and higher thought . NMDA receptors are also known culprits in stroke damage in the brain , and have become a focus for anti-stroke research . during a stoke , ... lack of oxygen in tissues triggers reactions that greatly overstimulate the NMDA receptor . Overstimulation triggers reactions that destroy nerve cells . . For years , neuroscientists assumed that NMDA receptors could only be stimulated by a single neurotransmitter , an amino acid called glutamate . They now know that two neurotransmitters are needed to stimulate the receptors . D-serine was recently proposed by the Hopkins scientists as the second , largely because microscope images of tagged D-serine show it 's physically near NMDA receptors in the synapse . Also , knocking D-serine out with enzymes quickly stops NMDA receptors from being active . Hopkins researchers are n't clear why nature would have such a bizarre and highly specific neurotransmitter as D-serine , but Snyder suggests it may be because having two neurotransmitters required to trigger the NMDA receptor may be a natural fail-safe mechanism , like having two keys to the start button for a nuclear device . The NMDA receptor is so delicate , so crucial to us that some safeguards are in order , says Snyder . Get too much glutamate -- one of the most abundant chemicals in the body -- and you 're in trouble . But having a highly specific process to make one of the neurotransmitters could insure that activating a receptor does n't happen by accident . The path to D-serine is pretty selective . The fact that she had a sudden increase in learning would imply ( according to the above paragraph ) that she had well stimulated NMDA receptors . Perhaps there 's a test to check glutamate levels ? And perhaps there 's a way to lower the level of glutamate in the body , or to reduce/eliminate it 's intake ? If you find answers to either of those questions , please do let me know . Ahsen