Biopterin is a coenzyme that is produced within the body . It is an oxidized degradation product of tetrahydrobiopterin . Defects in biopterin synthesis or regeneration can cause a form of hyperphenylalaninemia ( a disease with symptoms similar to PKU ) Biopterin is synthesized in several parts of the body , including the pineal gland . Tetrahydrobiopterin is a naturally occurring essential cofactor of the three aromatic amino acid hydroxylase enzymes , used in the degradation of amino acid phenylalanine and in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitters serotonin ( 5-hydroxytryptamine , 5-HT ) , melatonin , dopamine , norepinephrine ( noradrenaline ) , epinephrine ( adrenaline ) , and nitric oxide ( NO ) . A deficit in tetrahydrobiopterin biosynthesis and/or regeneration can result in phenylketonuria ( PKU ) from excess L-phenylalanine concentrations or hyperphenylalaninemia ( HPA ) , as well as monoamine and nitric oxide neurotransmitter deficiency or chemical imbalance . The chronic presence of PKU can result in severe brain damage , including symptoms of mental retardation , microcephaly , speech impediments such as stuttering , slurring , and lisps , seizures or convulsions , and behavioral abnormalities , among other effects . Other than PKU studies , tetrahydrobiopterin has participated in clinical trials studying other approaches to solving conditions resultant from a deficiency of tetrahydrobiopterin . These include autism , ADHD , hypertension , endothelial dysfunction , and chronic kidney disease . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] As of September 2010 [ update ] , no results are available . Experimental studies suggest that tetrahydrobiopterin regulates deficient production of nitric oxide in cardiovascular disease states , and contributes to the response to inflammation and injury , for example in pain due to nerve injury . The most common adverse effects , observed in more than 10 % of patients , include headache and a running or obstructed nose . Diahrrhea and vomiting are also relatively common , seen in at least 1 % of patients My question is : has anyone tried it ? Results ?