Thanks for posting JeniB . I almost missed this . If it were n't for dabaxter keep bringing it up , I would 've missed it for sure . JeniB wrote : Atopic Eczema Ionescu and his colleagues have studied fecal and duodenal flora in patients with atopic eczema and found evidence of small bowel dys- biosis and subtle malabsorption phenomena in the majority ( 21,22 ) . Treatment with antibiotics or with a natural antibiotic derived from grapefruit seeds , produced major improvement in the gastro-intesti- nal symptoms of eczema patients and moderate improvement in se- verity of eczema ( 23 ) . One advantage in the use of grapefruit seed ex- tract over conventional antibiotics lies in its anti-fungal activity . This agent adds a second therapeutic dimension and eliminates the possi- bility of secondary candidosis . The minimum effective dose of grape- fruit seed extract for bacterial dysbiosis is 600 mg a day . This was me , except I have n't tried GSE ( that 's why I was wondering about it 's purity , so I could try it ) . I used sovereign silver and OLE . My son 's eczema improves with antibacterials too , but he has a patch on his inner elbow that still flares . JeniB wrote : Bacterial overgrowth is promoted by gastric hypochlorhydria , by stasis due to abnormal motility , strictures , fistulae and surgical blind loops , by immune deficiency or by malnutrition ( 13 ) . Small bowel parasitosis may also predispose to bacterial overgrowth ( 4 ) . Some of the damage resulting from small bowel bacterial overgrowth is pro- duced by the action of bacterial proteases which degrade pancreatic and intestinal brush border enzymes causing pancreatic insufficiency , mucosal damage and malabsorption . In more severe cases the intesti- nal villi are blunted and broadened and mononuclear cells infiltrate the lamina propria . Increased fecal nitrogen leads to hypoalbumine- mia . Bacterial consumption of cobalamin lowers blood levels of vita- min B12 . Bile salt dehydroxylation impairs micelle formation ( 10 ) . Endotoxemia resulting from bacterial overgrowth contributes to hep- atic damage in experimental animals ( 14 ) . This was me too . I have problems with low stomach acid . It 's also immune insufficiency . You have to correct stomach acid and boost the immune system to overcome this stuff . It 's good to see an article that validates that I 'm going in the right direction . I wish I would have known this years ago . I have had more gut and skin symptoms than my son , but it seems he was effected through me . My problems began when I was pregnant with him and got food poisoning . Anyone else get food poisoning ? I was wondering is that was the trigger . Food poisoning has been linked to SIBO . A New IBS Solution talks about this .