My son has been on 5-MTHF for the past 9 months and it really helped especially during the first a few months . He tested positive for the folate autoantibody test but I doubt if he really has CFD . He was probably low on folate and methyl folate helped with his methylation in many ways . If we do a spinal tab , we will be able to confirm if he has CFD but there is no point of doing it because regardless of the outcome we will be doing the same treatment . If we have other good reasons to do the spinal tab , that 's a different story . On the other hand , we removed multivitamin containing folic acid because it could exacerbate the symptom . Again some conventional doctors may not agree with it but we did n't want to take a chance . We now use VitaSpectrum from KlaireLab which does n't contain folic acid . Quote : Cerebral folate deficiency . Hyland K , Shoffner J , Heales SJ . Source Medical Neurogenetics , Atlanta , GA 30338 , USA . khyland @ mnglab.com Abstract Cerebral folate deficiency ( CFD ) is defined as any neurological syndrome associated with a low cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) concentration of 5-methyltetrahydrofolate ( 5MTHF ) in the presence of normal peripheral folate status . CFD has a wide clinical presentation , with reported signs and symptoms generally beginning at around 4 months of age with irritability and sleep disturbances . These can be followed by psychomotor retardation , dyskinesia , cerebellar ataxia and spastic diplegia . Other signs may include deceleration of head growth , visual disturbances and sensorineural hearing loss . Identification of CFD is achieved by determining 5MTHF concentration in CSF . Once identified , CFD can in many cases be treated by administering oral folinic acid . Supplementation with folic acid is contraindicated and , if used , may exacerbate the CSF 5MTHF deficiency . Generation of autoantibodies against the folate receptor required to transport 5MTHF into CSF and mutations in the folate receptor 1 ( FOLR1 ) gene have been reported to be causes of CFD . However , other mechanisms are probably also involved , as CFD has been reported in Aicardi-Goutiere 's and Rett syndromes and in mitochondriopathies . Several metabolic conditions and a number of widely used drugs can also lead to a decrease in the concentration of CSF 5MTHF , and these should be considered in the differential diagnosis if a low concentration of 5MTHF is found following CSF analysis . PMID : 20668945 [ PubMed - indexed for MEDLINE ]