I went through the same thought process as you . It took me a while to jump on GSE . The GSE available on the market has gone through some chemical process which makes it antimicrobial . The very natural one does not possess any of such property . Richard KKKK74 wrote : Studies have been done on a number of GSEs on the market to categorize the active compoundsit turns out that GSE does NOT act as an antibicromial/antifungal/antibacterial agent . Those benefits come from the parabens and triclosan added to the GSE as a preservative . Plain old GSE without preservatives has none of those benefits . It still may have Vitamin C and be an antioxidant , but without preservatives , it wont kill anything . ( it says GSE but is GFSE ) and Commercially available Grapefruit Seed Extract is reported to have significant antimicrobial properties . It is claimed to be effective against many microbes including Candida albicans , Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus as well as many human conditions such as sore throat , acne and Thrush ( many more are mentioned in the USDA abstract below ) . Several companies that market grapefruit seed extract show extensive research and results on their websites and literature claiming to prove its antimicrobial effects . Independent Research has proven that grapefruit seed extract has no intrinsic antimicrobial action . More shocking is that the demonstrated antimicrobial activity is derived from the synthetic ( not naturally occurring ) preservatives added to and detected in commercially available grapefruit seed extract products . The synthetic preservatives found include Methyl paraben ( can mimic Estrogen ) , Triclosan ( can cause allergic contact dermatitis ) Benzalkonium chloride ( disinfectant , skin and eye irritant ) and Benzethonium chloride ( disinfectant , skin and eye irritant only permitted in rinse off products as prolonged contact with the skin is harmful ) . These synthetic adulterants are not declared on the product ingredient list .