Is it possible that High Arsenic is causing high markers in son 's OAT ? ? DOCTORS DATA Arsenic is 0.24 when reference range 0.08 12 HIGHS : Adipate B-Hydroxybutyrate Citrate Succinate Xanthurenate Quinolate Picolinate p-Hydroxyphenyllactate 8-Hydroxy-2-deoxyguansine Orotate Glucarate Hippurate VERY HIGHS : B-Hydroxyisovalerate Sulfate Indican We do want to chelate asap but should I focus on balancing OAT first ? Worried with Sulfate this very high that I wo n't be able to use DMPS to get Arsenic out . We are on basic supplementation ( using Tinus Smits CEASE ) - such as Zinc , Nordic Natural CLO , Magnesium , Vit C - fat water soluble , B6 , Digestive Enzymes , but realise this wo n't cut it from our last OAT . We also use Bentonite Clay baths ( last 12 months ) and started homeopathic Arsenic Detox . The same Dr here in Sydney , Australia used the CYBERTRONE DEVICE The Listen Computer and Arsenic came up as huge problem causing : 1 . Arsenic blocking microglials cytokines ( BRAIN ) 2 . Letting virus in and thrive ? Viruses : EBV , HZV , HBLV , Rubella , Measles , Mumps 3 . Protozoa : Toxoplasma , Sarcocystes , Pneumocystis ( not sure if correct spelling ) He also said there was Bone Marrow suppression by Arsenic Interferon suppression by Arsenic I 'm adding in more antioxidants at least like Vit E , more C , Selenium , Pycnogenol , Grape Seed Extract , and trying to balance deficiencies such as B2 , Biotin , Probiotics etc . What about Iodine ? This was slightly low . Plasma zinc/ high within normal range , copper within normal range . Also saw that Phosphorus is on low side , so will be supplementing with Angstrom Phosphorus to help with Arsenic . Source of Arsenic - unknown . My son does not eat much rice or rice milk . He does not eat chinese Garlic or shellfish . We do n't have treated timber . Only source I can think of is our new mattresses that mould to body - forget word for it , but this is definitely possibility - so took them out . What else should I do please ? How do I balance this horrible OAT ? We are on a low histamine diet , do n't eat much protein , and are on limited foods - all organic . Thanks so much Sid 's mama