What is MMS ? MMS stands for Master Mineral Supplement . It 's chemical name is Chlorine Dioxide ( ClO2 ) . ClO2 is a gas that is produced as a result of combining 2 liquids , Sodium Chlorite ( NaClO2 ) and citric acid . When added to the sodium chlorite , the citric acid brings the combined pH level to under five , causing the sodium chlorite to become unstable and release chorine dioxide . ( ClO2 ) Chlorine dioxide is an oxidizer with a lower oxidation potential ( .95 V ) than any of the other oxidizers in the human body . Why MMS for Autism ? We know that autism is made up of : Virus Bacteria Parasites Yeast Heavy Metals Inflammation Food allergies MMS is proven to kill pathogens through oxidation , and to neutralize heavy metal compounds . In turn inflammation is reduced , as well as some food sensitivities . But I heard that MMS is the same thing as chlorine bleach ? Not True . Activated MMS ( sodium chlorite + citric acid ) is chlorine dioxide ( Cl02 ) . Chlorine bleach is sodium hypochlorite ( NaOCl ) . ClO2 NaOCl Similarly , oxygen = O2 and ozone = O3 . The formulas can appear similar , however it is safe to breathe oxygen and not safe to breathe ozone . O2 O3 But , there is no way that MMS ( chlorine dioxide ) can differentiate between pathogens and beneficial bacteria . Not True . There are differences between pathogens and beneficial bacteria . In the first place : Pathogens create a waste material that is poisonous to the body . Beneficial bacteria do not generate any poisonous material . Further , All organisms and body cells have an ORP ( Oxidation Reduction Potential ) that can be either positive or negative . The ORP is the electrical charge that cells exert on other things in their immediate environment . Oxidizers ( i.e . chlorine dioxide ) also have an ORP , mostly called Oxidation Potential , and all oxidizers have a positive potential . All pathogens ( poison producers ) have a negative ORP . All beneficial bacteria have a positive ORP . Positive charges repel one another . Thus the chlorine dioxide never touches the beneficial bacteria and thus the beneficial bacteria are not destroyed . On the other hand , pathogens have a negative ORP . Remember the rule that opposite charges attract one another . Thus the pathogens are attracted to the oxygen and are destroyed instantly . I heard MMS can cause tissue damage Not True . Chlorine dioxide ( ClO2 ) has an oxidation potential ( strength ) of .95 volts . Human tissue can withstand 1.28 volts of oxidation potential ( the potential of oxygen ) therefore chlorine dioxide is simply too weak of an oxidizer to harm healthy tissue . Pathogens , heavy metal compounds and poisons can not withstand the oxidation potential of chlorine dioxide and are therefore oxidized and destroyed when they come in contact with it .