Regarding the drug Suramin , I would n't go near this drug with a 10 foot pole . Drugs not only bring in billions , but they also cost a lot to develop . When a drug does n't pass muster for the purpose it was designed for , some drug developers continue their push to find various means of getting to market with their drugs even when the drug has proven to be harmful . Political clout and the quest for big $ is often the means and motivation for getting a harmful drug to market . This drug was proven to cause severe bleeding , coma and paralysis during it 's testing phases when it was tested for efficacy in the treatment of various cancers , especially prostate cancer , and leads to Guillain-Barre ' syndrome when it reaches the 300 mcg/ml level of blood serum . Like Coumadin , it thins the blood . Unlike Coumadin which only stays in the body for a few days once treatment is stopped , Suramin takes 50 days for only half of it to leave the body . In 1998 , Parker-Davis attempted to win FDA approval for this drug which in clinical trials caused more deaths than a placebo drug . FDA advisors voted 10-0 against approval of the Parker-Davis application . What I found interesting is that if you search for this information on the internet it 's very difficult , if not impossible to find . Only one source tells the truth about this drug and that is Dr. Otis Webb Brawley , M.D . in his book of How We Do Harm , A Doctor Breaks Ranks About Being Sick in America . If you google ' that book title , you will find the one source that shares the truth about Suramin and explains in depth about how it evolved through clinical trials with failure after failure . Back on the market now and apparently backed by the FDA , after reading what Dr. Brawley brought to light about it , I can only wonder if the revolving door in D.C. politics is what has allowed a deadly drug to win approval by the FDA a decade after being rejected 10-0 by the FDA board . Should make anyone wary . As I said , I would n't touch this drug with a 10 foot pole .