FatherOf2 wrote : http : //www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/08/16/florida-boy-brain-eating-amoeba/2664489/ http : //www.foxnews.com/health/2013/08/15/brain-eating-amoeba-how-one-girl-survived-1755267487/ Contracted in pools of fresh water . Parasite travels through nose to brain causing parasitic meningitis . Only 1 in 128 survived in US . In a recently survived 12-yo girl , the parasite was treated by an experimental drug miltefosine . A few days later , tests showed no signs of the parasite ; the amoebas seemed to have been killed and cleared away . It is interesting how this rare parasite attracted so much media attention , and a new drug was quickly offered to kill it , not even designed for parasites , but for breast cancer , while thousands of autistic children go untreated for years , with only treatments offered being ABA , OT and ST. By the way , as you may already know , another anti-parasite drug , Suramin , has been shown to cure autism in lab mice and is currently being investigated for human use . Not so fast . The striking improvements induced by weekly injections of suramin raise the question of whether this treatment could be tested immediately in autism subjects . After all , it has been used in humans for another purpose for decades . However , Naviaux has issued this declaration in response to that question : Suramin is not suitable for long-term treatment of children with autism because of the potential for toxicity . This was included as an important caveat in the original PLOS One publication . Dr. Naviauxs clinical trial will be a single-dose drug trial that is designed to test the general principle of antipurinergic therapy ( APT ) in autism . If successful , the trial may point the way to the development of newer and safer drugs . Neither Dr. Naviaux , the University of California , the Autism Research Institute , nor Autism Speaks endorses the use of suramin as a general treatment for children with autism . No offense , but this is how treatments can be misconstrued as a miracle cure and parents can be misled by snippets they read on the Internet . SO MANY treatments have come and gone when they do n't deliver what parents mistakenly thought was promised . Suramin is NOT a suitable treatment for autism .