FatherOf2 wrote : Duchykins wrote : Bacopa is a vasodilator . Caution should be used in people already taking moderate to high doses of other significant vasodilators like niacin , arginine , glutamate , gingko , others . Many drugs associated with nootropics such as bacopa are vasodilators in varying degrees , this is part of their efficacy in enhancing or healing various apsects of cognition and brain health by increasing blood flow and oxygen transportation . Some people are more sensitive to vasodilation and will be prone to headaches triggered by such drugs , perhaps even migraines in some . Such headaches may be prevented by lowering dose , staggering doses of different vasodilators , and/or adding a potent vasoconstrictor such as something that significantly boosts serotonin like tryptophan or 5 htp . A vasoconstrictor may also help abort an ongoing vasodilatory headache where typical analgesics often fail . I can offer some testimony as to bacopa 's anxiolytic effects . Mild and gentle focus . Not sedating unless in high doses . I am considering adding it to my daughter 's regimen . You seem to know a lot about this . I did n't know that 5HTP is a vasoconstricter . What dose of Bacopa would you recommend for a 5yo 36lbs ? I also wanted to combine it with Vinpocetine 5mg , which is another vasolidator . Is it OK ? I know that some herbal brain boosters combine Bacopa and Vipocetine , for example Clari-T. We already took Vinpocetine 5mg before and saw a slight improvement in speech and focus , with little hyperactivity . I am staying away from Ginkgo Biloba because it can cause seizures . Bacopa and Vinpocetine reduce seizures . I 'm very new to giving stuff to kids so I ca n't comment on dosage except to say that there is ofte8n a pattern of odsing 3-5 year olds with 1/5 to 1/4 adult doses . Of course it would be smarter to dose by weight . I 'm a decade-long migraineur and have acquired quite the little mental library about types of headaches , causes , abortives and preventatives in an effort to control my own headaches . If your child has not had any headaches with the current dilators then do n't be worried . Vasodilators are no big deal to most people , even beneficial since it means increased blood flow , oxygen transport , lots of drugs related to nootropics are vasodilators . I 'm sorry , I did n't mean to alarm anyone . And as for 5 htp , it 's the serotonin that is the constrictor , 5 htp just removes one step in making serotonin .