Hey jen quick post here ; i suffer from mold and mycotoxin toxicity , plus probably a lot of glutamate exitatory toxic states . i use a lot of vitamins and minerals in my help , also used modified citrus pectin as a binder/chelator for mold and Heavy metals , but i am considering going much more low carb and perhaps look into other ways of binding , chelating mold . i can attest to mold being a big reason for my cognitive regress these last two years , due to two mold outbreaks in an earlier flat i lived in . i suffer from ADHD and autism Spectre , but i am from norway and here its few and far between any proper doctor that can help . my Family and doctors dont understand , you know how it is . im 28 years old and i have to work on this ( mild expletive removed ) alone . i dont have much Money for supplements and i cant really plan that well for myself either . i wish to follow up on this post of course , but now i just put this out here in desperation . im getting so saturated in my brain that im starting to lose hearing . i am also constantly sweating out my hands and feet and im so sensitive to the mold/mycotoxins that i sweat out , and they are such a hassle to kill , even With Chemicals etc , so i saturate a room With toxins till i cant Breathe in there , and i have to change room . i am thinking about going for a low mycotoxin low carb high fat good protein clorophyll diet , but im still unsure about binders , because i tend to sweat out even more toxins . i also think this has to do With overload of glutamine neurotoxcicity , but also due to poor liver and kidney function . i know manganese and lithium have helped me a lot With neurotoxicity and anxiety/paranoia/worry . it seems i tend to have a little too much dopamine going on at times , and too little gaba , but i think its a glutamatic acid decarboxylase problem . its a jungle and a Journey , and i used to be a lot smarter before the mold , and after the mold exposure im much more sensitive to everything and i cant take much B-vitamins , amino acids , like acetyl-l-carnitine before i react . i also i assume i have a lot of retoxification going on as well . but let me just ask you quickly , since ive read Your posts and you seem to have some interesting Points , what would you recommend as diet ? do you have any experience With acetyl-l-carnitine for glutamate ? i know its known to be able to lower glutamate : http : //link.springer.com/article/10.100 ... 5-3 # page-1 what binders would you recommend ? and finally , do you have any experience With excessive sweating ? i also have an intution about this perhaps being about glutamate exitement and lack of gaba as well . please excuse my poor writing and sporadity . its extremely problematic to have such problems With memory and focus .