My wife and I have a six year old son who was diagnosed with autism when he was 23 months of age . Since we found out that our son had autism , we have not stopped trying to recover him . We have done a couple of different protocols ; DAN , NIDS and SCIA . We have been members of this forum for almost two years but this is my first time posting . I am constantly trying to research how I can recover my son and have done countless searches on this forum when I find something that I want to look into for our son . Thank you to all of you parents that share your experience and knowledge ! Most of what I know is because of having learned it from one of you . As of last November we are again seeing a DAN ( MAPS ) doctor for our son . We have recently started chelation . We are in the beginning stages . Three weeks ago we did our baseline urine sample , two weeks ago we did an intravenous challenge test with DMPS and this past Thursday we did our second intravenous challenge test with CaEDTA . We have a doctors appointment on November 24th to discuss the results of the challenge test . I believe that depending on the results then we will start regular weekly or biweekly intravenous chelation infusions . We want to know what results ( good or bad ) parents have had with doing chelation for their children ? How long did it take for you to see any positives or negatives ? We know each child is different but we really do n't know what to expect and would greatly appreciate hearing what parents have gone through with their kiddos . Also , we have done countless labs for my son and every time that we have done an amino acid panel ( three times in the last two years ) he has come back with the majority of his amino acids very low . More than half will be below normal range with the majority of the other half being in the low normal range . I know that JeniB has had some success with giving her kiddo an amino acid supplement . Has any other parent used or tried and amino acid supplement for your kiddos with low levels ? I was not able to find the supplement that JeniB uses in any of her posts and have tried searching the net but have n't found any that are recommended . Jeni , if you are reading this and can comment on the one you use then we would be very grateful . Thank you in advance for responding to our questions and for the knowledge that you share . Taly