Update : We did 3 days of urine testing and all were negative for ketones . Her elevated markers were likely due to fasting before blood draw . Am I correct in assuming my daughter has a CBS mutation and low BH4 ? She 's positive for 3/5 of the CBS mutation markers and 2/6 of the low BH4 categories . We also had a Methylation Pathway test ( blood draw ) done through Vitamin Diagnostics indicating her SAMe levels are low ( 216 ; t = 221 - 256 ) . CBS : + Elevated taurine - Elevated ammonia + Decreased citrulline - Decreased methionine + Elevated phenylalanine OAT : + Elevated hippuric + Decreased fumarate + Elevated phenyl lactate - Elevated phenyl acetate ( phenylethylamine ; not tested ) - *Decreased oxaloacetate or decreased oxalates . - Low CO2 - Low creatinine * oxalates are high according to OAT Low BH4 : + High hippuric - Increased 8 hydroxy 2 deoxy guanosine ( **lack of SAMe or high ammonia can also cause increased 8 hydroxy 2 deoxy guanosine ) ~ Elevated : + phenylalanine - phenyl lactate - phenyl acetate ( phenylethylamine - not tested ) - Increased ammonia ( urine and blood show within range ) Zinc supplementation is now down to 5 mcg daily . I 've read that some amount of zinc is necessary so I did n't want to deplete this totally . I 've also started giving her Magnesium Malate ( thanks MIP ! ) to supplement the low Mg2+ , and Yucca for ammonia control in case her ammonia levels might actually be elevated . Thiamine is now in the coenzyme form ( thanks JeniB ! ) , added in 400mcg of follinic , and I 've switched cyanocobalamin for the methyl ( tablet ) form ( thanks Kukulkan ! : ) Overactivity noted initially ( e.g. , jumping up and down on the couch , running back/forth , etc ) but gradually subsided after 2 weeks with GABA . I am now noticing her abdomen to be somewhat bloated however - and thinking about taking her off garlic supplements for now in case we 're building up sulfites . Any advice on this ? Also , I 'm now planning to add a couple things : The first is Citrulline , since her levels are low , and RNA support . I 've come across 2 different types of Citrulline : Citrulline + Arginine , or Citrulline Malate . Any suggestions on which one might be better ? I 'm leaning towards Citrulline Malate because I 'm thinking it has the added benefit of chelating aluminum . Her malate levels are within range however , and I 'm hesitant about supplementing Arginine because of her high arabinose levels ( e.g. , pentoside formation ) . I 'm undecided between the CBS-RNA or Ammonia-RNA support . Has anyone out there tried both products ?