I 've ordered the super sprouts , but I 'm a little uncertain if I will even use them . Basically 80 % of test subjects had fevers , so I 'm wondering if perhaps the broccoli sprouts had anything to do with improvements other than inducing fever . If you look at some of the references from the tests they link to sites with asd improved by fever . For example : http : //sfari.org/news-and-opinion/works ... and-autism Would the results be the same if perhaps the same dose was administered in small amounts several times a day to avoid fever . The other thing in question is the adverse results Vomiting , increased aggressions , abdominal pain , increased flatulence , irritability , con-constipation , diarrhea , fever , headache , and exacerbation of seasonal allergies were reported in 12-19 % of participants on sulforaphane The big one for me is the aggression , I 'd give up social skills any day to keep aggression away . Also to note that 4 and 5 respondents actually got worse on sulforaphane if you look at the individual test results graph A and graph D With the blogger I believe he believes it but reminds me of my younger days when I was convinced Royal Jelly made me feel better . Placebos can create the same effect . I could n't base taking a substance based on one persons opinion and as we all know autism can be effected by many variables , What was his diet for the day , how much sleep etc etc etc etc etc . I do n't imagine the test results were taken within 2 hours of the respondents taking sulforaphane Back to the test if the results were only taken at 4 week ( or abouts ) intervals its almost the lazy approach or lack of funding and the whole test results are based on opinion rather than any scientific data . The Sulforaphane approach is too aggressive for me , I 've had a lot of success with a prevention rather than cure approach and sometimes its like getting a set of scales and a bag of sand . the scales are tipping so I add more sand on the other end . One thing I can take from these tests is that it shows that the body can relieve a lot of these symptoms by activating its natural defense , perhaps that was the aim of this test .