I saw this study last night and I think it is very relevant to autism . We have had very good results with anti-oxidants . I have some NAC that I bought , but have been unable to get my child to eat it . It has a horrible taste and odor if you take it out of the capsules . The abstract of the study : Arch Gen Psychiatry . 2009 Jul ; 66 ( 7 ) :756-63 . N-Acetylcysteine , a Glutamate Modulator , in the Treatment of Trichotillomania : A Double-blind , Placebo-Controlled Study . Grant JE , Odlaug BL , Won Kim S. University of Minnesota School of Medicine , Department of Psychiatry , 2450 Riverside Ave , Minneapolis , MN 55454. grant045 @ umn.edu . CONTEXT : Trichotillomania is characterized by repetitive hair pulling that causes noticeable hair loss . Data on the pharmacologic treatment of trichotillomania are limited to conflicting studies of serotonergic medications . N-acetylcysteine , an amino acid , seems to restore the extracellular glutamate concentration in the nucleus accumbens and , therefore , offers promise in the reduction of compulsive behavior . OBJECTIVE : To determine the efficacy and tolerability of N-acetylcysteine in adults with trichotillomania . DESIGN : Twelve-week , double-blind , placebo-controlled trial . SETTING : Ambulatory care center . Patients Fifty individuals with trichotillomania ( 45 women and 5 men ; mean [ SD ] age , 34.3 [ 12.1 ] years ) . INTERVENTIONS : N-acetylcysteine ( dosing range , 1200-2400 mg/d ) or placebo was administered for 12 weeks . MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES : Patients were assessed using the Massachusetts General Hospital Hair Pulling Scale , the Clinical Global Impression scale , the Psychiatric Institute Trichotillomania Scale , and measures of depression , anxiety , and psychosocial functioning . Outcomes were examined using analysis of variance modeling analyses and linear regression in an intention-to-treat population . RESULTS : Patients assigned to receive N-acetylcysteine had significantly greater reductions in hair-pulling symptoms as measured using the Massachusetts General Hospital Hair Pulling Scale ( P .001 ) and the Psychiatric Institute Trichotillomania Scale ( P = .001 ) . Fifty-six percent of patients much or very much improved with N-acetylcysteine use compared with 16 % taking placebo ( P = .003 ) . Significant improvement was initially noted after 9 weeks of treatment . CONCLUSIONS : This study , the first to our knowledge that examines the efficacy of a glutamatergic agent in the treatment of trichotillomania , found that N-acetylcysteine demonstrated statistically significant reductions in trichotillomania symptoms . No adverse events occurred in the N-acetylcysteine group , and N-acetylcysteine was well tolerated . Pharmacologic modulation of the glutamate system may prove to be useful in the control of a range of compulsive behaviors . Trial Registration clinicaltrials.gov Identifier : NCT00354770 .