They are usually looking at the ratio . This high value can somtimes be a result of high protein in the diet ( i.e . if your child is SCD or GFCF and eats more meat ) . If your child was a bit dehydrated , the BUN value can go up . Some info I found googling : Quote : Why It Is Done A blood urea nitrogen ( BUN ) test is done to : Determine whether your kidneys are functioning normally . Determine whether your kidney disease is getting worse . Monitor treatment of your kidney disease . Determine whether severe dehydration is present . A BUN-to-creatinine ratio may help your health professional determine whether decreased kidney function is the result of dehydration or kidney disease . Dehydration usually causes BUN levels to rise more than creatinine levels , resulting in an increased BUN-to-creatinine ratio . Kidney disease or blockage of the flow of urine from your kidney usually causes both BUN and creatinine levels to increase equally , resulting in a BUN-to-creatinine ratio that is normal . A high BUN value can indicate kidney injury or disease . Damage can be caused by a variety of conditions , such as diabetes or high blood pressure , that directly affect the kidneys . In addition to direct damage to the kidneys , high BUN levels can be caused by blockage of the urinary tract ( by an object such as a kidney stone or tumor ) or reduced blood flow to the kidneys caused by dehydration or heart failure . A high BUN can be caused by medications , such as allopurinol ( Alloprin ) , aminoglycosides ( Garamycin ) , furosemide ( Lasix ) , indomethacin ( Indocin ) , methotrexate ( MTX ) , aspirin , amphotericin B , carbamazepine ( Tegretol ) , vancomycin ( Vancocin ) , propranolol ( Inderal ) , rifampin ( Rifadin ) , spironolactone ( Aldactone ) , tetracyclines , thiazide diuretics , and triamterene ( Dyrenium ) . A high BUN value may also be caused by a high-protein diet , Addison 's disease , tissue damage ( such as from severe burns ) , or from bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract . A rise in BUN can indicate kidney problems caused by diabetes . High BUN-to-creatinine ratios occur with sudden ( acute ) kidney failure , which may be caused by conditions such as shock or severe dehydration . An obstruction in the urinary tract ( such as from a kidney stone ) can cause an elevated BUN-to-creatinine ratio . A very high BUN-to-creatinine ratio may be caused by bleeding in the digestive tract or respiratory tract . _________________ Gary - Cameron 's Dad