Hi DoC Creatine is being more and more studied in neurometabolism Cerebral creatine transporter deficiency : an infradiagnosed neurometabolic disease Laboratory diagnosis of defects of creatine biosynthesis and transport Diagnosis and treatment of brain creatine deficiency syndromes Quote : Clinically , these patients can display mental retardation , language disorders , epilepsy , autistic behaviour , neurological impairment and movement disorders Quote : Brain creatine deficiency syndromes are mainly associated to mental retardation and autism . GAMT and AGAT deficiencies respond to treatment with creatine , whereas patients with transport defects do not respond to this therapy ; new therapeutic approaches are therefore being evaluated for this disease . X-Linked creatine transporter deficiency in two patients with severe mental retardation and autism Developmental regression and mitochondrial dysfunction in a child with autism Now , where are the proper studies ( testing also the enzymes known and linked to the problems described above ) to discard creatine subclinical deficiencies in autism ? Low levels of creatine/creatinine can have many reasons , from genetics to epigenetics/environmental and to detect properly what to search must be known by the doctor . Creatine deficiency syndromes Please look at the figure 1 and the overall cycle is presented . The only accepted use in medicine ( without controversy ) is in these clinically proven problems Autism is metabolically much more complex than previously thought . J Child Neurol . 2002 Apr ; 17 ( 4 ) :245-9 . Hydrogen proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy in autism : preliminary evidence of elevated choline/creatine ratio.Sokol DK , Dunn DW , Edwards-Brown M , Feinberg J. Hydrogen proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy is only beginning to be studied in autistic individuals . We report an association between hydrogen proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy choline/creatine ratios and severity of autism as measured by the Children 's Autistic Rating Scale ( Pearson r = .657 , P = .04 ) in 10 autistic children . Hydrogen proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy choline/creatine ratio measures the concentration of cytosolic choline including free choline used in the synthesis of acetylcholine . Elevation in this ratio has been interpreted as a result of membrane degradation such as caused by a tumor or , alternatively , as a result of choline synthesis associated with increased cellular proliferation . Recent neuropathologic evidence has implicated disruption of acetylcholine transmission in the brains of autistic adults . A case-controlled study of hydrogen proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy choline/creatine ratios is warranted . Spot urinary creatinine excretion in pervasive developmental disorders Diane I have a lot of information and details if you are interested . Could you please contact me ? you will find my e-mail in my blog Link