b9st8 wrote : Hey Blue Bird Are you asking for my unprofessional opinion ? 'Cause you sound exactly Asperger 's Autism to me . I am a better match to Kanner 's autism which was a suprise to me too . The reality is not what is reported in popular and professional works . I am thoroughly impressed that you have developed fewer , but authentic relationships . I would predict this for AS . You will always feel out of sync , yet knowing why makes it easier . It is great that you are cautious about motives . I can not conceive of others ' motives and trust even after repeated betrayals . You are my idea of ideal . I suspect you have been told it is 'social anxiety ' ? Are you constantly obsessed with what people are thinking about you ? Are you checking your clothes hair expression what ever , to make sure you LOOK ok ? Do you fear rejection or ridicule by some other person as the end of the world ? Must everyone love you for you to feel safe ? Actually this is one of the less harmful labels given to the female presention of Asperger 's autism . You need to have comprehension of all that social nonverbal stuff to have social anxiety . If you mean normal anxiety , sorry , and AS comes with plenty of that . Mediation and grounding skills help . Hope you hear from some other mothers who have found they are on spectrum too . I ca n't even aspire to your skill level . Oh , I do n't think of myself as skilled . These problems with the way I am wired to the world just have such an impact on so many areas . When I was a teenager , I waited tables , and worked so hard , and always ended up with less money in tips than everyone else . As I grew older , I learned to not waste time feeling sorry for myself , but I was still convinced that something was unfair about the world when it came to me . I seem to get much worse customer service than other people in every area . I felt like I was constantly failing at getting doors to open that should have opened for me . I am single , and have a history of being very badly treated by men . Now , I could care less , I am so happy alone with my children , but for many years this was very painful for me.Kristys- I have very clear memories of what I was like when I was ages 2-8 . I did n't have any sensory issues , though one of my brothers had severe sensory problems . I did n't have any social problems at this age , either . I remember exactly how I felt and what I was like , and I had many friends . That 's one reason why I questioned whether I could be on the spectrum . It would n't have been a matter of nobody identifying the symptoms , I really did n't have any before 8.Edited by Bluebird on January 24 2008 at 10:55pm- 5-year old girl with mild PDD-NOS 13 and 19 year old NT girls