I think my father and yours are so Identical . Jeeze I went over to my parents house to eat dinner and he hardly talked , we ate dinner together and talked and for the rest of the night he disapeared into the basement and left me and mom to hang out , I watched TV so I was not to social myself but at least I talk and remain in the room he could not even stay with us and chat with me , he had not seen me in weeks and never gets on instant messanger to talk . He is totally an ASPIE , and I would bet more severe then I am tho I am the one DX'ed go figure . He is a nuclear engineer and spent at least mine and my sisters lives working or doing stuff around the house , mom took care of us thru most of our lives . He also flips out when things get over whelming , I am pretty bad at flipping out too , but can manage better then he can sometimes really . I love him and just wish he would attempt to connect with me and my sister a little more , then again I am probably just as guilty when it comes to that as well . I did well in collage but could not stand dorm life , so I quit , which sucks cause I was a deans list student but just needed to live alone . In the end I got my wish , at the cost of only a 2 year degree and a dead end job I am overqualified for , typical for an ASD adult from what I read ... Just figured I would write a little about myself so you can see I understand your situation as far as family and career , the things that ultimatly matter in my life anyways . It is great to meet ya , I am glad to hear of someone who apparently understands the spectrum well that can make the world better for ASD'ers and I hope you stick around for a bit . I am 25 years old and was DX'ed with high functioning autism when I wa 4.5 in 1987 . It is funny I am writing this cause my mom just dropped off a DVD of an old VHS tape in digiatal format of my parents back yard BBQ in 1987 on july 4 , just prior to my DX . I am in the video alot and think while the adults liked me and thought I was funny I was quite different and avoided the other children that day , its all evident on this DVD and I watched it lastnight and thought it would make a great tool for future people in your feild to see what an ASD child really looks like , even a very high functioning one and learn what to look for . It is a very funny and cute film , I was definatly the star that day everyone knows I was quite odd but very funny . I am sorry ... I tend to go off on tangents and write a book when I should have only written a sentance , heh . Welcome and nice to meet ya . - DX'ed with HFA as a child . Nowdays what I have would be called AS .