Thanks for all your support/concerns and welcomes . I 'm in a down mood today and pretty depressed . This is just day 1 for me without booze , I 'm very strict about my stopping of alcoholism since I want to feel better and not have to rely on it anymore since I have since November of 2005 . I feel like after hearing more about my autism , I am cursed to live a life of depression and sadness.Woodsman regarding the questions you wanted me to answer , here you are.1 . Lately being depressed , just ... play my video games as best as I can , watch my old Nickolodeon tv shows on my computer *it 's one of the only things that makes me laugh*.2 . My social life is not so good , I 've always had social fears with people , one person quoted to me when they were at a gas station they would hand over a five dollar bill as if their hand was shaking so fast in fear it was like a leaf.3 . I had a lot of trouble in school due to my autism/learning disability so I was homeschooled , and I moved around so much I got schooling but life was hard so I really could n't focus on my studies . I did graduate from homeschool high school though.4 . My goals/plans are to stop boozing , try as best as I can *which is weak right now* to be happier in life , ... if I ever get my passion back for my site just work on it more and enjoy life as best as it can be.5 . I live at home with my mother , I can not live anywhere else I can not be anywhere else.6 . Video games , watching my tv shows such as Ren and Stimpy , Rocko 's Modern Life , Power Rangers , used to watch a lot of movies ... 7 . My life was a lot of confusion , moving , and insecurity.I started drinking I believe in the beginning of the summer of 2005 which made me slowly get addicted to it since I never really tried it , I was 19 I think at the time . Then I went through alcohol withdrawal in Nov 2005 which started a lot of my anxieties/troubles , and ever since then I 've drowned my panic disorder with booze/nicotine.Ever since then , the longest I ever went without booze was 27 days which was in February of this year which I did SOMEHOW because I was going through Lamictal medication withdrawal which made me even worse off.I also have a fear that something is impending ... in my life ... and I wo n't be up to the challenge and I will have major problems since I think I 'm so out of it , and ... the autism makes me feel cursed.- I 'm Paulos , an autistic male of age 22 .