I am looking for the answer , nothing to offer . I was just in a car accident and trying to get medical care for injuries . They lie to me and about me to avoid improving my situation and make themselves look good . I thought I had come to terms with the fact that many/most nonpectrum weave deceit thoughout the fabric of life . I have a neighbor that I did not realize was spectrum until a person that said they were coming right over took an hour . It messed up her meal serving . She was . I told her it can not change . They think it is ok to be dishonest even enjoyable or desirable . Evidently , I have not learnt much because I just lost a job I wanted because of lies and just found out they lied to state unemployment division about how they handled the termination . I had just gotten over two weeks of and have started again . I ca n't seem to cope with anything right now , but the only thing that makes me scream and cry for hours and days is the lying . I understand mistakes like being dragged from the ER ( after 12 hours of horrible tests and experiences ) because I did not respond and was unsteady with double vision still with the IV remaining in my arm . When I came back to get it out , the head nurse was yelling about all the patients who needed care and I was keeping her from doing her job . She told my mate and the crowded waiting area that I had been drinking and was intoxicated . I would pass out with a third of a beer and do not tolerates any substances . Did they injest me with some substance to make me have vertigo ? ( I had no oral intake in their care ) or hypoglycemic after 24 hours vomiting without food ? or the accident still ? I could not say , but was not processing post MRI . So her legal chart version is I RAN out not allowing them to remove IV and refused wheelchair ( which was refused to me ) and I was told I have not any injury to be treated . There is neck and back pain and shooting from low back to legs pain and pounding headache pain and double wision and nausea and more spasms and bruising etc . Am I to convince my self not pain ? or are they infering I deserve the pain ? or that it just does not need treatment ? WHY DO THEY KEEP LYING ? ? ? NO straight answers ! I would not know what to do if I could process all this and can not . Aspie son says get a lawyer , but do n't know how do I find one that is on the spectrum so he wo n't lie to me ? Any suggestions would be preciated . Need some framework to organize this into so I can get past and exist again.Edited by b9st8 on September 30 2007 at 9:43pm