Vaelant , my heart brakes for the pain you have endured , and pray that it will be healed very soon . I can identify so much ... .. It has taken me 46 years and a 5 year old daughter to heal for me to finally start to heal and understand all of this ... I pray that you too will finally start to heal and find some peace and purpose to who you are ... And , you are exactly who you are for a reason ... ... . I find the one thing that many people miss with AS children and being AS themselves , and that is the spiritual sensitivities ... . Autistic children are not just senitive to toxic chemicals and noises and electricity , they are also extremely `` spiritually '' sensitive ... .. I believe this is what I have to work on and my faith has helped me tremendously along with diet changes ... You probably have a sensitive spirit also and you have to understand and heal that part of you and get better control and understanding in that area ... Amazing what happens when I am around other spirits that are sweet and kind . I have gotten a lot stronger this past year because of my faith ... I am seeing things differently and there is a lot less fear ... .. It was this `` spirituality '' that helped heal my daughter and myself ... we still have a way to go , but now I know what way to go ... .. I can definately identify with having a `` knowing '' in my head , but there is no way it can be communicated without sounding like a complete idiot ... . I left college over 20+ years ago while solveing Rubics Cube by mathematical programming.. and yet , I ca n't write a simple Birthday Greeting in a card ... .. funny , , But that is ok , God created me for another purpose ... I can say the diet changes have helped tremendously with my sleep and anxiety ... Just do n't forget there is a spiritual side to each one of us , exercise and detox that and I believe you will open so many new wonderful doors for yourself and have a peace to who you are and why these things are the way they are ... I do n't know your faith , I will not comment on mine , I am not sure of the rules here ... ... . But that unseen - aspect is what is healing us ... .. - Never give up !