I am posting this again in this forum because I really want some perspective . Are there any adult ASD folks who have had ABA ? I am not at peace with this and I am not sure if I am being an over protective mom . My daughter ( 5 years moderate ASD ) has started ABA 15 hoursweek . The main concerns were that when she did not get her way , she threw massive screaming fits , especially in daycare where they are not able to be as firm as I can be ( restraining..sending to her room etc ) . I would say that they were on the scale with a sterotypical terrible-two 's fit.The ABA team did the evaluation and decided that the first thing that they needed to do was `` extinction '' to get rid of the fits . This consists of inducing frustration by introducing an activity/toy that she loves and then after 30 seconds saying `` my turn '' and taking it from her . She melts down . and screams . She has also started hitting and throwing chairs which I have never seen her do . The daycare has told me that from time to time she did hit etc , but I have never seen it . The therapist does not respond at all . He does not look at her or react . If he has to get her down for safety , he does so without looking at her . When she is calm for 5 seonds , she is allowed to continue the activity for another 30 ( ish ) seconds at which time the process begins again . These fits go on for 3-10 minutes without any interaction from the therapist . I am really upset because this is still a little girl . I think about how I would like it if I were in her position . There is no comforting at all . They told us we needed to do something similar at home . My ex-husband seems thrilled with this news . When I dropped Liana at his house , she threw a fit when I left . I listed through the door and he made no attempt to comfort her or anything . When I asked about it , he said that the therapist had told him to ignore her . Is this really the best way ? I mean , this is still a human who has emotions . Is the potential for improved behavior really worth this ? I agree that you need to ignore it to an extent , but to have no comfort at all seems cruel . It reminds me of the theories in the late 60 's early 70 's where they spouted that children that received too much attention became dependent adults . I am not feeling at peace about this . What do you all think ? - Dominic 6 ADHD & Liana 4 ASD ( former 28 week preemie )