My son with autism ( about the middle of the spectrum ) is 18 and has been doing music therapy for about the past 2 years . We live in Southern California so I unfortunately ca n't recommend anyone to you . We had tried it many years ago when we lived in New Jersey and Peter , my son , was just 4 but he did n't really respond . So we stopped and decided to try it again when I heard about the program here at the music department at California State University at Northridge ( CSUN ) . They have a great program , with young , energetic therapists plus students since they teach music therapy at the school . If you have a university or college near you , maybe you can ask if they have a program ? Anyway , Peter has also always been musical . He was humming in perfect pitch years ago when he lost his speech at 1 1/2 . Once he started speaking again around age 4 , he would sing , but not with a group . The other kids and teachers would sing , then when they stopped , he would sing his perfect rendition . He was always drawn to sounds , but seemed sensitive to certain pitches . Sometimes a song would come on the radio and he would cover his ears and moan and we had to turn it off.We wanted to try music therapy a couple of years ago because Peter seemed to be avoiding listening to music more and more . He did n't want to listen to any CD 's like he used to . We wanted to encourage more language thru music since it seems to be a natural outlet for him . When Peter is sad or hurt , he will cry and sing thru his tears . We had bought him an electric keyboard and we knew he could pick out tunes by ear because he would do it when pushed , but he did n't enjoy it . I 'd like to be able to say that music therapy has been a miracle cure , but of course nothing is . As usual , it 's one more thing that can help and it does seem to be helping . With Peter , progress tends to be slow . He does enjoy listening to music more and will tolerate more on the radio . He will sing along with the music therapist ( which is a good accomplishment for him ) and can read music a little . He plays the piano with her and also plays the drum interactively with her . The method she uses is like a cross between Floor Time , ABA , and more natural teaching . She has a set structure to the session , with a consistent beginning , middle and end , but changes around some elements in the middle . Peter has also learned to like and play the bass guitar a bit so now he has a bass guitar and also an electronic drum pad at home . I need to encourage him to play them , but when he does , he enjoys it . I see him enjoying interracting with his therapist and I see that for him music can really help with that.I hope this information helps . Let me know if you have any other questions . - Sue