GODplease11 wrote : Parents , what treatment have you found to be the most effective . Either soley or you used in combination with others . Also any parents here think their child is almost recovered or recovered from these treatments . Diet Vitamins Antifungals Methyl B12 shots Chelation HBOT Homeopathy or Anything else out there ... . Each of our kids reacted to different treatments differently . Older son : MB12 was like a miracle . Within 2 shots he looked at me , non-verbal child that he was ( and I do mean non-verbal , not just minimal speech ) and said `` can I take a picture of that '' . I will never forget the feeling as he said that to me when he had n't spoken from the time he regressed until then . We use quite a few supplements now , all based on lab testing , not just guessing what he needs . Our doctor is incredibly smart , even impressed my Mom who is an RN and felt that this type of doctor was a quack and not really a doctor . Now she thinks he 's brilliant . Those are bringing a new shade of him out . It 's so odd to see him being silly . He was so silly at supper tonight we actually had to get onto him . The irony is amazing . We paid so much $ $ , worked so hard with him , waited so long , and then got onto him because he 's silly . Younger son : MB12 was like taking water . That shows the difference in different kids . He gave us nothing with those shots . So , we stopped . Supplements did him a lot of good , a LOT of good . They made him more mature , more focused , more centered . Diet was huge for him . We are gluten , casein , soy , corn , nuts , sugar , and most oils free . Antifungals were hard for us and him . He had nasty die off . He was so moody I wanted to give up and just stop . But then , when we got past that point , he changed . He began to talk a bit more , more understandable speech came , and a smile came from time to time . Oh , and his new favorite thing is kissing . He loves to kiss us . We still do n't get `` I love you '' or such from either boy without saying it first . I think they just say it because they know you are supposed to . But I will take what we have been getting so far . It 's incredible to see my 3 1/2 year old that could n't be held by anyone other than me the first 2 years of his life ( not even Daddy ) walk hand in hand with Daddy or go with his brother into children 's church .