Hi Sonia , My Katy is an ADHD kid . We had the same kind of existence that you describe until we got her on meds for the ADHD . I think if I were you , I would bypass whatever you are waiting on right now , take him to his pediatrician and have her/him give him an in office eval for ADHD . If it is as bad as you describe , maybe , hopefully , his doc will put him on some meds immediately . Katy 's did , right there on the spot , after a 15 question eval . She told me that she had been wondering what was takikng me so long to request the eval and meds since she had long suspected that Katy 's issue was first and foremost , ADHD before the Autism . ( oddly enough , they have her dx 'd with Autism as her primary , ADHD secondary ) Later in the year , when she started Kindergarten and we were putting an IEP together , Katy 's developmental doc send us home with the Conner scale and Guilliam test , one for me , one for her teacher , and one for another caregiver . She scored as having extreme ADHD . Point being , if it 's as bad as it sounds , his doc should already know and realize this and should prescribe something right away . Katy takes 10mg of Focalin XR in the morning . Then she takes another 5mg of regular Focalin in the afternoon , as the first dose is waning by that time . She also takes 2mg of Clonidine at night for sleep . Life is better for all of us now , thank God . I was to the point of pulling my hair out . never a peaceful moment , no sleep . constant chaos . Are they having him see a peds cardiologist to make sure that his heart is ok for the ADHD meds ? Katy 's developmental doc did a physical on her , took her blood pressure , then put her on the meds . She had no pre-existing concerns so I guess that 's why she was able to go right ahead with prescribing . She gets her bp taken every time we see her , which was once a month , but now is every two months . I have a cuff here at home and take it often , just to be sure . The allergy angle is also something to consider , as is sugar intake . Katy loves Crystal lite and drinks it in place of something like kool-aid and those fructose heavy `` juice '' drinks . Minute Maid juice boxes are wonderful - they are all natural , unlike alot of the others pushed at kids . Good luck to you both . I hope you get some relief soon . I know how happy I was when we finally got Katy 's meds in place . She can actually sit down and read and finish a book , stay still in class , and handle car rides with little or no trauma . You 'll get there too ... ..hang in there . ps - I suggested a bypass of the cardio visit - I 'm not suggesting that you let them put him on meds before he is checked out . I 'm just saying that maybe you can get the same thing done sooner if you get him in to his regular doc or his developmental doc , assuming you have one . Every child should be cleared for ADHD meds before starting them . - Shelly , mom to Katy , 6yrs old - ASD - ADHD