When he finally got the dx from the autism specialist , our pediatrician ( YAY ! ) finally ordered some lab work for Jair . Here 's what he ordered - CBC ( complete blood count ) Chem 14 ( metabolic screen ) Thyroid analyzer Fragile X Pediatrix Screen Ferritin ( iron ) Lactate ( not milk , a different blood count ) CoQ10 Urine aminoacids & organic acids Free & Total Carnitine I took Jair to the lab this morning , and we waited for an hour , you know ... then the lab people told us that they were n't sure which tests to use with him - the baby version or child version - and they could n't reach our doctor or nurse . @ @ They asked us to leave and come back later , so we did . We returned ... which was okay except for the fact that Jair insisted on sitting in the exact same chairs , looking at the same magazine , pointing out all of the same things around the room ... =o ) Anyway , they finally had his tests figured out - he would have the child versions , which would require so much blood that they recommended we do it in two visits . Call me cruel , but I said I 'd prefer to do it all at once and get it over with . If the first time was traumatic , the second time would be so much worse ! Well , first they needed a urine sample , and since he 's still in a diaper , they gave me a bag to tape on him . I thought , OH NO ... ! But he was just amazing and let me put it on him . AMAZING . In fact , he is still wearing this bag . We 'll have to refrigerate the eventual urine , and John will take it to the lab in the morning . Then it was time for the blood draw , and the two nurses who came in were prepared for battle . I was , too , I guess . They had Jair lie down , then one of the nurses leaned down over him in a `` big hug '' while I lightly held his legs . The other nurse began to draw the blood , and Jair watched the needle without ever making a single peep . The whole room was so still and quiet , as we were all amazed . It took a few minutes , she withdrew a huge syringeful , then we were done . He 's none the worse for any of it , jumping around the room right now . WHEW ! Now we just get to wait for the results , and I wonder if they will even show anything ! - Lia , 4 - Jair , 6 - Briana , 8