Dr. Madren does have an mHBOT chamber in his office now . However it is not covered by insurance . Maybe I was n't clear about that in my last post - he accepts our insurance as a DAN ! physician ( MB12 , followup visits , antifungals , etc . etc . ) , but not specifically for mHBOT . We are not currently doing mHBOT as it is not budget feasible at the moment ( and the commute for us to dive 2x daily is too much ) . This is per the email that I received when he first acquired the chamber after the month long study that was conducted in December . It is unclear in this email whether it is available to his patients only , or if you can just utilize his chamber for treatment . Dr. Madren is leaving to go out of the country today and will not return until after 4th of July - if you called his office to ask your questions his nurse , Sharon is the best contact for questions . 757-413-7610 HTH ! ! ./images/smilies/icon_smile.gif Quote : I have just returned from the DAN Conference in Alexandria where my colleague Dr. Dan Rossignol presented preliminary data from the hyperbaric oxygen study in which I participated a few months ago . There were a total of 62 children in the study at 6 different clinical sites including 9 in my practice . Roughly half of the children received hyperbaric oxygen and the rest received a placebo treatment . Parents and physicians in the study were `` blinded '' , meaning they did not know which group their child was in . At the end of the study the parents were asked to complete a Clinical Global Impression ( CGI ) form on which they rated their child as overall much better , somewhat better , unchanged , somewhat worse , or much worse . Physicians completed a similar form for each child . On both the parent and physician CGI scales , there was a statistically significant difference in improvement among the children in the treatment group as compared to the placebo group . These results support Dr. Rossignol 's hypothesis that hyperbaric oxygen is superior to placebo in the treatment of autistic children which is very exciting news ! I am happy to announce that I was able to acquire one of the hyperbaric oxygen chambers at the end of the study and I can now offer this treatment to all of the autistic patients in my practice . Since this is still considered an experimental therapy , it is unfortunately not covered by insurance so the cost of the treatment would be out-of-pocket . The charge has been set by Sentara 's billing office at $ 100 per day of treatment . You may receive up to 2 hours of treatment per day ( one hour in the morning and one hour in the afternoon ) as we did during the study . A 10 % discount applies when payment is made at the time of service . Please let me know if you would like to schedule some time in the chamber or if you know of others who are interested in pursuing this treatment . _________________ Amy Mom to : Madison - age 8 ( PDD-NOS ) Mason - age 6.5 ( ASD ) Emerson - 3.5 ( NT )