First off , Hi to everyone . My name is Elissa and I 'm from Puerto Rico and my primary language is Spanish . So please forgive me if I have some misspellings . I have two boys David ( 2.10 years ) and Angel ( 9 months ) . My 2 year old son presented speech delay and we started therapy back when he was approximately 19 months olds . Because of that we were referred to a neurologist , occupational evaluation , psychologist , and later on genetisits ( sp ) . He had poor eye contact , tip toe walked , and flapping . The flapping later on evolved to tip toe walk from side to side while flapping . He does n't show any social difficulties , has proper use of imagination , role playing , and recently has started to develop a really nice sense of humor . His speech has increased greatly and he currently learns well . So his only current symptoms is the walking from side to side and the fact that he gets easily distracted . The funny thing is that when he 's at preschool he usually does not do the walking from side to side . I 'm really really confuse on this matter because he does show some signs but he also has a lot of strengths in other areas . I do n't have a final diagnosis but the psychologist refereed us to a genetisits ( sp ) and he did some metabolic test . The first time everything came back normal , even the carnitine levels , but the pyruvic acid came back low . The second time everything came back normal , including the pyruvic an carnitine levels , but the lactic acid came back high . DR put him on carnitine ( even though it was normal ) and on protect plus . He also wants me to go back to the neurologist . I still do n't understand the whole concept . I 'm lost here and every time I tried to search info about it , I understand it less because commonly the carnitine levels are low and the lactic levels are high and he just has the lactic level high . I also get freak out because there are serious health issues associate with high levels of lactic acid . Can someone please give me some direction , advice , input on this . Thank you a lot .