We had the same problem with our son ( PDD SID ) . Go to sleep for hour and half , then up for 45 min , up and down all night . This went on for about 9 mos . after he was diagnosed . We got him off the gluten and casein , this slowed the constant tippy-toe running back an forth through the house . From what we were told , the Autistic child can be totally exhausted and ready to collapse but their brain is still running full speed from sensory overload so they have difficulty reaching deep sleep . We were going nuts not getting any decent sleep and had to get help . Our family doctor ( Who first alerted us to suspected Autism and is super ) understood our concern that we did not want our boy to be a drugged-out zombie as so many parents have done , just to deal with him . He had us try a common motion-sickness medication Promethazine . We experimented with doses and within 2 weeks he was sleeping from 10pm to 4am , at least some relief ! Our boy is now 6 years old and about 60lbs , so we give him 7 droppers of Promethazine with a small dropper of melatonin right before bed . It works ! He sleeps from about 10pm to 5-6am . The Promethazine is non addictive and our boy is fully alert in the morning , and from what we can tell has no long-term harmful effects . Our insurance covers it , but I think it 's a low-price med if thats a consideration . This is the only med we use with our son , all his other supplements are herbal/mineral/cod liver oil . The Promethazine has come in handy also to calm him down if he has an out-of-control , violent , sensory meltdown that just wo n't stop . Also , it 's very important to NOT break the routine in the evening before bedtime , that goes for everybody in the house . If you do the Autistic child will not go to sleep until they have time to adjust and self-regulate , setting you up for another night without sleep ... we made that mistake . Hope this helps you . Plz let me know if you need any further info . Good Luck . Chris ./images/smilies/icon_smile.gif