My son is 6 1/2 , and was misdiagnosed as moderately autistic by his school at around age 4 ( he had chronic ear infections causing profound hearing loss , and never passed a hearing test , which I know is a diagnosis pre-requisite ) . Our pediatrician specializes in ADD/ADHD and was rather distressed at the schools ' cavalier attitude - he said that he was more likely mild PDD , but that the speech delay from the hearing loss was a big factor . He started our son on morning Concerta in late October 2006 and there was an almost overnight improvement , although we noted the weight loss initially as well . As time progressed , he added Strattera before bed in late December/early January 2007 , and the mix of the two has been such that he predicts there will be no apparent deficit by age 8 to 8 1/2 . Additionally , his appetite is back to normal , and his weight loss stopped ( although he does sleep more lightly than before ) . As the pediatrician explained it to us , the Concerta helps stimulate construction of the neural network ( I asked if it was like forcing the nerves to bridge across any lesions in the brain , and he agreed that 's a good analogy ) so that development was more consistent , rather than coming in fits & amp ; spurts . The addition of the Strattera , he said , helps him to `` organize '' things better . Before Concerta , he was more disassociated , and let schoolwork `` pass him by '' . With Concerta he was more aware that he was missing things , and getting frustrated that he HAD missed them . Adding the Strattera helps him better focus and `` cope . '' Our pediatrician also commented that a California university ( Irving ? ) was starting a study on these various meds , and he laughed that they should have come to him , because he has years of data he could drop in their laps ! On the swallowing issue , we 've been very lucky that he swallows the pill whole very easily , and in fact is now functioning well enough that he knows which is his Concerta and which is his Strattera , and he brings US the appropriate bottle for his morning or evening dosage ! Edited by IansDad on March 13 2007 at 7:29pm