Hi Denise I just read your post . Here is our story . I thought we were the only ones My darling son , Alex now 23 months old was born March 2006 . Alex was born healthy , and has never had a shot , vaccination , or medications . Alex was sick ( maybe ) 2 times with a stomach virus , and has never had any ear infections . Throughout my pregnancy I lived a healthy , organic lifestyle . The only thing that I could see that may have been a possible & # 147 ; trigger & # 148 ; ( but I do not know for sure ) is Terbutaline . Terbutaline is generally used for individuals with asthma , but can also be used to arrest premature labor during pregnancy . I was one of those individuals who experienced premature labor at 8 months after getting into a car accident . My doctor gave me a few injections of this drug and also said I needed to take the terbutaline around the clock to stop the contractions . After doing some research , I found a few studies conducted that seem to suggest that there is link between the drug terbutaline and autism . The thought is that the terbutaline causes changes in a certain receptor in the fetus brain that prevents it from `` down- regulating '' normally after birth and during the child 's development . This is the first I 've ever heard of the possibility of this drug having ties to autism . If I would of known then what I know now , I would of NOT taken the terbutaline and would of given birth at 8 months . Another thing I found was that Terbutaline is an asthma drug . Terbutaline also relaxes some other types of smooth muscles , such as the muscles of the uterus ; however , other types of muscle may be stimulated to contract rather than relax . Terbutaline was first approved by the FDA in 1974 . It is not approved by the FDA for use as a pre-term labor drug ; it is used off-label for the purpose of stopping contractions . After doing my research , I am finding that this practice is quite common . In August 2007 , at the age of 17 months , Alex was diagnosed with having Autism .