About archidonic acid What is arachidonic acid and what does it do ? Arachidonic acid is an essential acid considered to be a part of the Omega-6 group . It & # 129 ; fs stored in the cell membranes and responsible for sending signals of adaptive changes in the case of muscle damage or other types of stimuli . William Llewellyn , a performance-enhancing scientist , is responsible for patenting and developing the arachidonic acid supplementation protocols that is used for stimulating muscle growth . What are the benefits of taking arachidonic acid ? Arachidonic acid is the primary building block for the synthesis of dienolic prostaglandins , which includes both PGE2 and PGF2 . These are prostaglandins that are tightly involved with the protein synthesis and muscle hypertrophy , two things that occur after exercise . Arachidonic acid is also involved with amplified IGF-1 ( Insulin-Like Growth Factor ) signaling , the enhancement of satellite cell activation and proliferation , increased regeneration of your body & # 129 ; fs muscle cells , increased formation of Nitric Oxide , as well as enhanced androgen receptor synthesis . Additional benefits that arachidonic acid provides include the long-term improvements of vascularity , this is through stimulation of angiogenesis ( blood vessel regeneration ) in the muscles in your body that are trained . Arachidonic acid also improves body composition by partitioning the negative nutrients found in our body through inhibition of stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 . In addition to all of the above , arachidonic acid inhibits resistin . Who can benefit from taking arachidonic acid ? Those that are weight training or would consider themselves as an amateur ( or professional , for that matter ) athlete may benefit from supplementing with arachidonic acid . As you exercise , your arachidonic acid levels usually decrease as does the production of anabolic prostaglandins . Arachidonic acid is most commonly supplemented by individuals that play a sport on a daily basis , bodybuilders , frequent gym attendees , and other individuals that participate in activities where short , rapid bursts of performance are constantly required . If you are an athlete with a reduced level of arachidonic acid , you & # 129 ; fll probably experience & # 129 ; gtraining stagnation , & # 129 ; h which means you will see a decline in your muscle & # 129 ; fs ability to stimulate muscle growth . Does arachidonic acid have any side effects ? Some people can experience an increased amount of muscle soreness , as well as sore joints , insomnia , or headaches . However , most do not experience any side effects . Individuals that are not physically active should not supplement arachidonic acid . Neither should individuals that are pregnant or have a history of a variety of disease and conditions , such as high blood pressure , high cholesterol , heart disease , diabetes , asthma , irritable bowel syndrome , cancer , prostate enlargement , or any inflammatory disease .