My wife and I are a little beside ourselves right now . Our daughter is 3 1/2 and was diagnosed with PDD about 6 months ago . She is high-functioning and says words but mostly it is eccolalia ans scripted speech . She is in a special school from 9am-12 where she is getting behavioral interventions . She is also receiving speech therapy . We sought out a Dr. who was biomedically savvy after reading about all the positive results people are seeing from it . She started us with IGG tests and vitamin supplements . IGG came back showing bad allergies to gluten , casein and egg . We have been working up to a GFCFEF ( EF= egg free ) diet . December is a tough month to start in . We went 100 % a week ago . On top of the diet , our daughter is getting the following ( also started a week ago ) :1 . Daily mineral supplements plus Lysine and Taurine supplements2 . Liquid multi-vitamin ( enough vitamins to power an army platoon ) 3 . Enzymes to help her break down food ( takes before each meal ) 4 . B-12 injections every 3 days5 . Antibiotics to kill bacteria6 . Probiotics to promote the growth of healthy bacteria7 . When Antibiotics are done we are supposed to start anti-fungal with new probioticWe worked slowly into this and tried to make the process as trauma free as possible for our little girl . I have read tons of posts and stories online and in books about the amazing results people are seeing almost immediately . After a week she is regressing . She normally tells her teacher `` good morning '' at school . Now she will not acknowledge her at first . She used to feed herself using utensils and we are having to feed her now . Eye contact is less frequent , and there are no positive changes we can see . Meaningful speech has almost stopped , and she is not happy - she was a happy little girl before.We went through all this work hoping for a small miracle in the first week - just some small sign to let us know we are doing the right thing . I know it is only a week , and we are n't giving up yet , but I am thinking we will pull the plug after 30 days if no positive changes are seen . Has anyone had a similar experience ? No offense to anyone who has gone the distance , but I do n't think we will keep her going 6 months like this if there are no positive signs . She was making progress before , and its like we have back-peddled here . At this point we are thinking 30 days max before we stop everything and go back to normal . Any advice is greatly appreciated .