not sure what your doc will do concerning phenols but I found some info . for you to see if Luke might be a candidate ... . ( my son has the rash , giggles , sleep problems , hyperactivity , red cheeks , dark circles ) ... . we use magnesium cream 2 X /day in place of epsom salt baths . Low Phenol ProtocolAs we have seen in great detail , many individuals with ASDs and other neurological and immune system disorders appear to have faulty sulfation and can not process phenols well . This protocol reduces phenols in the diet . The Low Phenol Protocol is a regime that I put together that includes several components : 1 ) the Feingold Diet which is a low phenol diet , 2 ) supplements and substances that add sulfate to aid sulfation , and 3 ) enzymes to help break down remaining phenols . Some parents have told me that a diet high in natural food enzymes ( a high raw food diet ) allows their child to consume small to moderate amounts of phenols with no reaction . It is believed that the occurrence of these natural enzymes helps breakdown the phenols in the food , for some better than supplemental enzymes . There is no way to eliminate 100 % of all phenols , so this diet is not an all or nothing program . Some people may need to be more strict with keeping phenols really low , others may keep phenols in mind and do their best to chose low phenolic foods in conjunction with other diets . This protocol is often use with other diets.When to use this diet : Use of this diet can be tricky to determine . There is no test to determine faulty sulfation . As I have mentioned , I use several factors to make this determination : 1 ) reaction to phenolic foods or symptoms consistent with phenol sensitivity & # 150 ; hyperactivity , dark circles , red cheeks/ears , lethargy , self-injurious behavior , inappropriate laughter , difficulty sleeping , etc . 2 ) reaction to Tylenol or acetaminophen & # 150 ; either hyperactivity or lethargy , 3 ) phase II liver panel and sulfation capabilities , 4 ) family history of neurological disorders including ASDs , and 5 ) levels of methionine cascade and sulfate metabolites in the blood and urine . If self-injurious behavior is present I work with the individuals physician and strongly suggest considering the implementation of a low phenol diet , if a GFCF diet has been implemented with no relief .