This is a portion of an article from www.cfspages.com/mmercmicro.html . There are plenty of articles that state that methylb12 will convert inorganic mercury into methylmercury . There are gaps in the science literature regarding how the human body derives methyl mercury from inorganic dental mercury . After much searching , I 've come up with no references that would indicate human metabolic processes perform this mercury transformation . One does find that methyl cobalamin ( methyl B12 ) will spontaneously react with inorganic mercury creating a methyl mercury compound . This reaction occurs just by having the two molecules in solution in a petri dish . Plenty of evidence exists to show human demethylization and the creation of mercury proteins . There is data to show mercury binding into all kinds of human molecular structures causing disruption . Metabolic conversion to free form methyl mercury by humans or mammals can not be substantiated in the literature . One reference I found , and included on another page , addresses this explicitly . So how does the mercury get to be methyl mercury in the human starting from dental amalgam ? Dental amalgam irrefutably contains only inorganic mercury . Another agent must be at work . Microorganisms in the mouth and GI track gut quickly come under suspicion . Behold , the gut does contain micro flora with this capability . Yeast , strep , staff and E. coli all perform the transformation , it 's referenced here , it 's proven . Strep and staff are 100 % pathogenic . Your health has near zero tolerance for these organisms , though they often maintain a limited presence outside the cell linings of the gut . It is very unlikely these pathogens contribute to a long term mercury conversion process . Infections of these organisms are generally acute in nature . Yeast and E. coli are the two most compelling organisms to suspect since both are usually not pathogenic , often behave symbiotically , and are known to live in most guts.The ability to transform dental mercury to methyl mercury is already living within the mouth and GI track of everyone who has a mercury dental filling . Read on for medical and scientific journal references that substantiate this point .