I was severely criticized on some website and some people on this forum were quite critical as well . What I am saying is that it is really really dumb to make general declarations about anything . HBOT is bad , HBOT is good.Biomed is bad , biomed is good . I think parents mostly know what they are doing and what they can afford to do or not afford to do . If I had listened to any number of negative voices , I would not have done all that I did . Today my son is just 2 months behind in speech . Normal on all physical milestones . And perfectly on target for all social milestones . This is in contrast to where we were when he was ten months old . This is from a previous post `` Hi everybody ! This is in response to a post by Dina , but is really a query for anyone in a situation where their kid has diplegia and autism . Dina wrote to say that there is some sort of like between seizures in diplegia and autism . My son Ateeksh , has a diplegic pattern of involvement and he has had seizures which seem to have stopped in the last couple of months or so . Does this mean he is at risk for autism ? Right now he does n't laugh too much and doesnt respond to peek-a-boo games by laughing.He understands games but he does n't find them funny . At 7 months , he 's still not babbling though he does vocalize a lot.He 's mostly a very serious kid.Also he does n't really imitate facial expressions although he does sometimes imitate sounds . He can not stand to be alone and is very fond of people . He strokes their faces and coos at them . His eye contact has been excellent from the very beginning and his social smile came in at around 4 weeks . He also responds to his name practically every time and is starting to understand the term no.Also when you show him stuff , he 'll sort of participate . As in if you show him something and say baby what is this , he 'll look at it and vocalize.He 'll call you if you 're not looking at him . He wants to be carried all the time . When he spots people he 's fond of , he 'll practically dive into their arms if a stranger is carrying him . He is just starting to mistrust new people and he 'll get scared and start crying if someone new comes too close . Does any of this sound like he might be autistic ? Is it a certainty that if he has diplegia and seizures , he 'll also have autism ? I request anyone who knows anything about this stuff to please write and tell me , because I need to be mentally prepared . Thanks in advance . Swechcha . `` What parents should do is get on the net and research like crazy . Do n't listen to anecdotes . Do n't listen to unnecessary negativism . Look for data and for studies and make your own decisions . Swechcha . -