Here is one other article , from my FAVE ( and speculative ! ) journal ... Unique Identifier 17141962 Authors Rossignol DA . Authors Full Name Rossignol , Daniel A . Institution University of Virginia , Department of Family Medicine , P.O . Box 800729 , Charlottesville , VA 22908 , USA . dlross7 @ hotmail.com Title Hyperbaric oxygen therapy might improve certain pathophysiological findings in autism . Source Medical Hypotheses . 68 ( 6 ) :1208-27 , 2007 . Abstract Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder currently affecting as many as 1 out of 166 children in the United States . Numerous studies of autistic individuals have revealed evidence of cerebral hypoperfusion , neuroinflammation and gastrointestinal inflammation , immune dysregulation , oxidative stress , relative mitochondrial dysfunction , neurotransmitter abnormalities , impaired detoxification of toxins , dysbiosis , and impaired production of porphyrins . Many of these findings have been correlated with core autistic symptoms . For example , cerebral hypoperfusion in autistic children has been correlated with repetitive , self-stimulatory and stereotypical behaviors , and impairments in communication , sensory perception , and social interaction . Hyperbaric oxygen therapy ( HBOT ) might be able to improve each of these problems in autistic individuals . Specifically , HBOT has been used with clinical success in several cerebral hypoperfusion conditions and can compensate for decreased blood flow by increasing the oxygen content of plasma and body tissues . HBOT has been reported to possess strong anti-inflammatory properties and has been shown to improve immune function . There is evidence that oxidative stress can be reduced with HBOT through the upregulation of antioxidant enzymes . HBOT can also increase the function and production of mitochondria and improve neurotransmitter abnormalities . In addition , HBOT upregulates enzymes that can help with detoxification problems specifically found in autistic children . Dysbiosis is common in autistic children and HBOT can improve this . Impaired production of porphyrins in autistic children might affect the production of heme , and HBOT might help overcome the effects of this problem . Finally , HBOT has been shown to mobilize stem cells from the bone marrow to the systemic circulation . Recent studies in humans have shown that stem cells can enter the brain and form new neurons , astrocytes , and microglia . It is expected that amelioration of these underlying pathophysiological problems through the use of HBOT will lead to improvements in autistic symptoms . Several studies on the use of HBOT in autistic children are currently underway and early results are promising . Publication Type Journal Article.- Linda mom to T , 9 , ASD S , 7 , ADHD A , 6 so far so good ... we are an adoptive family