Hi My boy , Tom is 3.5 yrs old , he is very lovely but have Autism . I have read your book and it has so many great information , I would like to ask if you can give me some comment . He is difficulty in learning language No eye contact.Inability or reduced ability to play cooperatively with other children or to make friends.Extreme hyperactivity or unusual passivity , and extreme resistance to change.Repetitive body movements including pacing , hand flicking , twisting , spinning..Impulsive behavior and no real fear of dangers . He can listen and understand Weak muscle , thin , skinny ( around 32 lbs ) I think he can not absorb the nutrient well.Skin is good , nothing special Stool is OK. ( so , no yeast infection ? ) Sleeping is good with DMG.Like to play portable game player , press button and listen the sound effect , start the games , but can not understand how to play . 2008 Jan , testing show high in lead and mercury ( so his Autism is not genetic issue , right ? ) Do chelating injection for 1 yr ( 2008 , Jan to Dec ) and get swollen leg and arm , tire body and easy to get sick & gt ; & gt ; flu , coughing . Doctor gives him B-12 injection too . Stop at 2009 Jan , and do GFCF diet for 9 months . ( Sometime my mom give him normal bread , will it destroy all the therapy ? ) Now , We stop everything and eat as normal , no GFCF diet . ( No improvement & I feel frustrated ) Take Kickman DMG liquid at night.No milk at 2008 Jan , keep taking soymilk.Less outdoors sport , but will arrange more very soon . Learning special school Monday to Friday . Drink filtered water . Can speak around 20 words ( very unclear ) Actually , no great improvement at all . My question : Should I go back to GFCF diet ? Or use other diet ? I plan to give him a new therapy and here is the list : & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Vitamin C chewable ( 250mg /after breakfast ) Super Nu-Thera & # 174 ; w/o Vitamins A & D Liquid - Tropical Fruit Flavored Concentrate ( 5ml/lunch ) bio-kult /probiotic ( one capsule before breakfast ) brazil nuts ( 2-3 pcs /snack ) cod liver oil ( morning/1 spoon ) calcium chewable ( 250mg/after lunch ) kickman DMG liquid ( 1 teaspoon add to soy milk /night ) outdoor activies ( 30min /daily ) enzymes/kickman biofilm defense ( before lunch ) 1-2 cup fresh juice Is it good or anyting is missing , how long should I apply this treatment ? Thanks_Ewan ( ewandesign @ gmail.com )