Forgive me if this question has already been asked , but I am still pretty new to the biomedical stuff . Our new DAN ordered an OATS test during DS 's first appoint with him . The results for yeast came back high ( among other things ) on 5 out of 8 of the different acids tested . The DAN said that his was one of the highest he has ever seen and prescribed Diflucan for thirty days . In addition to taking the Diflucan , we also give therabiotic complete powder probiotics every night , two hours after his diflucan dose . In addition to the anti-fungal and probiotic , DS aslo gets Vitaspectrum mutli and melatonin ( at night ) . We have also cut out sweets and dairy . Prior to the antifungal treatment , DS had become very aggressive when frustrated . He would scratch and bit anyone near him , sevseral times a day . Even when he was n't frustrated , he would cover his own body in bite marks . He is non-verbal , apraxic , and although he is five years old , he functions at about a 1 year old level . Ok , so he has been on the diflucan for 3 weeks now . The first thing we immediatley noticed was that he completely stopped being aggressive . He went from about 10 incidents a day to none at all . He also seems to want to snuggle more often as well . These are really the only changes we have seen . We were so worried about all the negative die-off reactions we read about , but have yet to see any of them . Oh , and his stools have gone from rock hard every five days to soft evey other day . So , now I 'm wondering if maybe the yeast is still in ther4e and has n't started to die-off yet . Occasionally he will start laughing uncontrollably , and I worry that its because of the yeast and not the die-off . So , what do you think ? The DAN wo n't let us start anything else until the yeast in under control , and once it is , he will start MB12 injections . Next week we will send off another OATs test to see where we are.- Mom to 3 DS 14 , aspergers DD 12 , NT DS 5 , Regressive Autism-non verbal