Hi All , I have a daughter who is almost 26 months old . She was diagnosed with autism at 20 months old and has been in therapy ever since . I started looking into biomedical interventions around 2 months ago and I have to say and I am absolutely overwhelmed I do n't know what to start when to start what and how to proceed , it is very confusing . We have seen a DAN last month he gave us a list of tests to run and a list of supplements . We ran a portion of the tests and we are still waiting on the OATS , urine peptides and stool profile tests . However , my daughter showed no intolerence to anything food wise , her HB is very low it is at 10.1 even though the low normal is 12 , her triglcerides are a bit messed up but otherwise it is all normal . I did n't start giving her any supplements because I know that to get the OATS done she has to be consuming wheat and milk which she is now . I want to put her on GFCF and SCD combined . Eliminate all dairy , casein and grains and I have been researching for a month now to find something that she is willing to eat . She eats veggies and fruits but not in huge amounts and she loves cheese and eats yogurt ( I am also waiting for my husband to travel , he loves junk food and pasta and he wo n't help me with the diet , he could reach for a chocolate while my daughter is sitting right there , wo n't help the situation any - so it was easier just to wait for him to travel and start the diet ) . I have been trying to do my own research into what supplements to use , that 's where I need the most help ; 1 . I think I might need to start with liver life , if we want to get rid of the bad stuff in her body and for her body to be able to filter through stuff I have to get her liver in tip top shape . what do you guys think about this ? 2. good calcium supplement since she wo n't be getting any milk . what are the best forms of calcium that can be easily absorbed by her ? Also , milk has a whole bunch of amino acids that are supposed to be good for you ( if you digest milk properly ) should I also give her amino acids and if so what type ? 3 . A good multivitamin ( not sure what to use ) . Any ideas here would be great . 4 . TMG Powder-Trimethylglycine . Is n't that a chelator should n't we be doing that after we make sure that her liver is functioning properly and her gut is healed ? 5 . Selenium liquid . what 's that for ? 6 . Coenzyme Q-10 with L-Taurine . what 's that for ? 7 . Liquid Ionic Zinc , should n't we test to make sure that she is low on zinc first ? 8 . Nordic Naturals Arctic Cod Liver Oil . I plan on feeding her liver for her HB , should n't I be careful because of the huge amounts of preformed vitamin A in liver ? Is there a blood test to show what levels of vitamin A are in her body ? Any suggestions would be great , I feel like I am in a different planet with all that biomedical stuff and I am not sure if there is a road map , sharing any experience with me would be priceless..thanks