Thank you very much , Janie ! Yes , he is on GFCF diet for about 8 months . Occasionally , like on vacation or special events ... birthday , he is allowed to have an ice-cream or pretzel . I just ordered GABA and hoping it 'll do some tricks . He had taken a couple of boxes threelac and now moved on to fivelac - I packet a day . We are not staying in the USA or North America ( hubby is Canadian ) but a developing country called Malaysia where there is absolutely ZERO supports for biomedical intervention . I got information from the internet e.g . ARI and also got the supplements over the Internet . We had a hard time to get the school to agree with his GFCF diet and finally we changed him to a home schooling center . I am a full time staff lecturing in a local university here ... At this point of time , not an option for me to quit and homeschool him.Anyhow , even our pediatrician who diagoned him does n't really buy in the biomed thing but I am quite persistent and kept sharing research findings and outcome with her . She has no objection for me to do it but she is unsure how much it will help Ken . So to speak , I am basically doing all these without a DAN doctor . Sometimes , I am quite terrified if something bad might happen . Like the first time when I tried on Supernethera , I gave him 5ml to start which I suppose to have started slow , perhaps half of it . Know what , ended up Ken having this horrible rashes and developed high fever , we have to admit him for hospital for a week , blood tests ( suspected dengue and others ) , heart scan ( suspected kawasaki but quite unlikely but they did n't want to risk it ) etc . Still could n't find what was wrong . We had been doing everything the same except supernethera and epsom salt bath . I was so worry it was vitamin toxicity and stuff like that . When he was discharged , the dr. said it was probably viral infection.I do suspect yeast overgrowth and also lead poisioning but do n't think we even have a change to get it tested . What kind of antifungals can I get ? Do I need a prescription for that ? Yes , he is on probiotic also.Thanks a again , Janie !