Marge , there are bad apples everywhere . Some doctors will turn you in . Some teachers will turn you in too if you wo n't medicate your kids . I 've known it to happen . You ca n't really be that paranoid . I wo n't go into shots because I do n't think they have anything to do with autism , but you DO have the right to refuse them . However you have the right to do what you want to treat your child , but you ca n't stop doctors from having their ideas , right or wrong , and some doctors are jerks ( this includes DAN doctors ) . In general , CPS will find you innocent unless there is obvious neglect . Yes , I think many parents of autistic kids worry way too much and , out of wanting so badly to believe certain things will `` cure '' or speed up the growth of the children are vulnerable to overmedicating with herbs and other `` natural '' substances , which can be very dangerous . In my quest to find relief from bipolar , I once read a book about how a Niacin deficiency causes bipolar ( it does n't , but hey some reserachers said it did and I felt desperate ) . Okieeeeeeee . I took the recommended dose of Niacin and ended up in ER with shakes and a flushed face and a RACING pulse ( swore I was having a heart attack ) . The ER doctors thought I 'd taken an overdose of drugs until they saw my bottle of Niacin . I guess this is n't an odd reaction . I also tried Black Root Cohosh for peri-menopause and was shocked when my doctor told me to STOP because it can possibly ( they do n't know for sure ) cause breast cancer , and that 's in our family . I get nervous with people who internet research and load the kids up on vitamins and herbs . It makes me as nervous as using too many meds . We have no idea what we 're doing to our kid 's systems when we introduce something different to it and , if no doctor is monitoring , who is overseeing the ramifications ? Us ? It 's a good idea to be careful . These herbs made my condition worse , not better . In the end , for me I needed meds . My son does n't , but I do n't mess with herbs and organics either-I never would on my own . I know some parents who 've tried Omegas and their kids got more hyper . Everything you give your kid can have a negative effect , natural or chemical . JMHO Edited by pammar on August 15 2006 at 10:03pm- Pam from WI