I am in the process of having my son tested for Mercury level . First it would be nice to see if thier elevated . I still believe vaccinations is the cause . I think oneday the FDA will stop the cover up . I am not afraid of Chelation because of one child . It is terrible what happened . I feel so bad for the parents but even they said they would do it again ! IV Chelation is far more different than oral . It goes directly into the bloodstream . ( There are to many questions about what actually happened . ) They have been doing Chelation for many years to remove elevated metals ex lead poising . The key is to find a Physician you trust . Chelation may not be the answer for you but for me I am very interested I know alot of Autistic children who have improved . It may not help but I do n't want to look back someday and wonder if I did everything I could for my son . He is trapped , nonverbal and six . I think the DAN protocal is worth a try . I may spend lots of money ( credit ) ha ha ( which I do not have ) I am reading a book called Children With Starving Brains . The more educated we are the more informed we can be to make sure our physician are doing proper prepartion for tx . There are risk with psychotic medication . For example , Abilify , Risperdal . Look at the side effects you would be surprised . Do we stop taking medications because of them ? no . I think we have to follow our own heart of what we think is best . I have been afraid to try new things because I do not want anything to happen to him either but he is 6 yrs old at a 2 yr old level . I am investigating Chleation and plan on taking it slow if he has elevated Mercury . I do know that children who had it my support group at a younger age have improved and a few are starting it again . I plan on taking it slow and making sure it labs are done on a regular basis . I think sometime we read so much we do n't know what to do . It is so hard to find proper help and physician are so hard to find who know anything about how to treat our children that is why it is up to us to investigate . Good luck ! justins mom - justin 's mom