Sure thing . I have 6 kids , two aspergers , 1 with delayed speech and tourrettes , 1 with delayed speech , and 1 with OCD and incoherant speech . My kids are nearly all symptom-free now . I just cry all the time when I see other affected kids because I know they could get better as well . I have done much research . Well , studies show that Vitamin C can reduce mercury levels and of course has a million other benefits . Chewable , buffered or Vitamin C with bioflavoniods are recommended . I guess we have gotten the best results from chewable and buffered powdered . I remember that Vitamin C affects vitamin E absorption , so research that because I think you have to make sure they get Vitamin E here and there as well . I give everyone at least five times the RDA , but they say it is good to give 20 times the RDA and that it is best to give it more than once a day since Vitamin C only stays in your body less than an hour but is needed throughout the day . I have also read that large doses of Vitamin C is what some doctors give to combat vaccine reactions , given the same day or the day after . Epsom salts : Well , I read in some forums that Autism moms were finding success using epsom salt baths with their children . Well , I have too many to fuss with that , so I bought the epsom salt cream . You just put it on 1 to 3 times a day . It comes in zinc or magnesium with sulphate . The sulphate binds with the mercury to remove it , and then the magnesium is absorbed through the skin as well , to help the intestines work better . I read that symptoms are increased at first but then decrease . Well , that is what happened here . It really helped with the mood swings for two of my children . We all use it here now . I just apply it once a day . Now , it took a month to get noticeable improvement on one of my Aspergers who was on practically nothing else at the time , and it took only a couple of days to see noticeable results for my other Aspergers who was on many supplements . Now , these two therapies really need to be done for a long time because they slowly work and need to be continually given , maybe after two years one can stop them and see if symptoms return . My kids have been on treatments from 3 months to 9 months now . ( Some I just started 3 months ago . ) Also keep in mind , that these alone , will not be enough to get most children symptom-free . I also do nutritional supplements , fish oil , etc . Fish oil will also take out toxins but only if it is high quality . Ask me anything , anytime .