seanleegardner wrote : Mom2mason , I totally agree with Heidi , it is an absolute necessity to get him off all grains and all dairy products . The alergenic reactions that he is most likely having to these substances are keeping him wanting to supress the symptoms by just eating more of them . Doing oral liquid zeolite chelation , which is totally safe and non-toxic , along with a whole food vitamin C like acerola , amla , or camu camu is wonderful for its clathration/chlation properties . The whole trip with herbal chelation is that it can be very tricky and it takes quite a bit of effort to get the child to take some of the major herbs like cilantro juice . The liquid zeolite chelation you can just drop on his food , in his drinks and he will be none the wiser that it is there , doesnt taste like anything , doesnt smell like anything , doesnt look like anything . The studies they are doing with it right now are amazing in that they are showing beyond any reasonable doubt that it is completely safe even for children and pregnant and lactating mothers to take . I can send you more detailed info if you drop me a private message.Blessings , Sean Heidi N wrote : Dear Jennifer : Acidophilus is a probiotic , which he also needs , but my experience is that acidophilus never works . It is difficult to find a probiotic that works . This is the best I have tried so far , in that I believe the probiotic strains will actually take so that you only have to give it for about 5 to 10 days . I have tried many other brands , but none took - in other words , when you stopped the probiotic , it did n't keep growing in the stomach . The only thing I do n't like about this one is that it has l-glutamine in it . I think its ok short-term , but would not give glutamine long-term unless one has celiac . I did give it to every one in my family including my 3 1/2 year old twins . Look at his stools and decide how long to continue to give it to him . I gave it to my twins for about 10 days . Their stools got better than worse . I feel the worsening is from too much of a good thing . Now I have stopped , but do feel the probiotic strains took - for a change . http : //www.rockwellnutrition.com/product.asp ? itemid=1091 Anyhow , the fact that all he eats is wheat and milk is your big clue . And he probably is n't even digesting them to get any nutrition from them . The digestive enzymes will help decrease his cravings and increase his cravings for other foods . Then somewhere along the line , take the dairy and wheat away . Organic rice crispies and organic Toasted Os are usually ok 'd by many of us doing diets . See if he will eat those . I stopped buying wheat and dairy , and everyone got used to it . They also sell gluten-free waffles in the freezer section . Try those with some genuine pancake syrup . Heid - Mehernosh Shroff