hi there I had to register and come and post a reply ! I have orally chelated my son with FANTASTIC results . I had him tested and his results for lead , copper and iron were off the graph they were so bad ! Copper is responsible for speech ! So with his excess copper levels that completely explained his non verbalness for me and it also causes headaches and migraines amongst other things . Treatment consisted of a formula or set of vitamins and minerals that whilst replacing certain levels that he is lacking in ( like zinc ) would also pull some of the bad crap out of him and make him healthier ! What you need to know is there are 2 main ways of chelating - orally and by I.V . or Intravenous Drip . I dont recommend IV unless it is extremely dangerous levels of things such as LEAD and its life threatening as using IV to pull heavy metals out is FAST and FULL ON ! Orally is slow and can be watched with further tests and altered as you go if u need be . 2 years ago my son would not look at you , would not make eye contact , was completely non verbal , would stim like crazy and would have no expressions , no joy , no happiness etc Today after only 2 rounds so far - he smiles , he giggles , he not only mkaes eye contact but stares into your eyes , he is baby babbling and wants to talk and sometimes blurts out words , he responds to you and follows simple directions , he is calm but most importantly he is AWAKE and HAPPY ! He is NOT CURED but he is healthier and most of his ASD symptoms have vanished ! The critics have tried to say `` he has grown out of ASD '' ( lol yeah right ) or that there are other things responsible like going to school etc - ummm NOPE not that . He has completely turned around within months of starting oral chelation - that is the only answer ! Will I continue Oral chelation ? Dead right I will ! What you all need to do is RESEARCH like mad on this , do not just take what your Doctors tell you as GOSPEL , talk to as many PARENTS that have gone through this as possible but most importantly dont expect a QUICK CURE because there is no such thing ! If you treat the symptoms then you are on the right track for your childs recovery . Ask yourself - what are my childs symptoms ? ( maybe headaches , non verbalness , runny poos , spinning , tip toeing , etc ) then look up on the internet and ask yourself what are the effects of LEAD POISONING ( from vaccines and old houses and soil etc ) , MERCURY POISOING ( from vaccines , fish , old tooth fillings etc ) , COPPER ( from vaccines and very old water pipes ) AND CADMIUM ( mostly from cigarette smoke ) etc etc . and then you may just see some shocking results ! I wish you all the best of luck but please if you follow this road always check with a DAN doctor first ! cheers