For those of you unfamiliar with stealth virus info , here is a link ... http : //www.909shot.com/Loe_Fisher/blfpolio197.htm My opinion is that viruses and or parasites may be part of the list of potential causes or environmental triggers of autism . I do not think that the potential polio immunization contamination issue is related to the rise in autism cases , at least not at this point in time . This is another reason why I have lost faith in the FDA . I used to blindly trust the CDC and the FDA ... this is a part of my PROFESSION . But with age and experience comes wisdom ( hopefully , anyway ) , and I would like to investigate personally ... Perhaps one day when Andrew is older and doing even better and better ! The DAN ! docs who started the biomedical treatment protocol did so for the right reasons . They questioned the medical authorities of the time and collaborated to determine if there was anything that they were all seeing that could be a part of the cause of autism . They did not blindly believe , and they started doing their own research ... No one questions the motives of the parents described in the movie , `` Lorenzo 's Oil '' , right ? Finally , my being a doc helps me to understand what I read . I graduated med school in 1989 and residency in 1993 . Nothing prepared me for the experience of having an autistic child ... NOTHING ! I knew as little as other parents do . My profession gives me a leg up on the speed with which I can read , learn , understand , dissect , criticize , etc . etc , info , but I am still a Mommy ! I have the same feelings and questions and sense of urgency as everyone else . Going to medical school would n't help you as a parent if you DID have the time because the answers are unknown . This is why I say DO YOUR HOMEWORK ... TALK TO PEOPLE ... ASK QUESTIONS ... READ ... SURF THE NET ... This is what I do , and I 'm a doc ! Good luck to all ( sorry about the soap box towards the end ! ) ! - AndrewsMommy 8 yr old , Classic Autism with sensory issues `` Knowledge is Power ''