well I posted to this but something happened and the page wouldnt display and it lost everything I typed . So here goes a simpler and more to the point OPINION I TRUST NOTHING that promises to be a quick fix miracle cure and to me thats what this is . If it is safer then chelation and yet does the same thing ( removes the metals ) then WHY are doctors still using chelation ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ANYTHING you put in your body has an effect there . How do you know this is safe and doesnt remove essentials vitamins nutrients and minerals ? These places prey on parents like us who are desperate for help for our kids . ( Thats how they make money and this stuff surely isnt cheap at $ 125 a bottle ! ) They prey on parents who are heartbroken over the way their kids struggle and what they go through and desperate to find help and answers and want to improve their life . Its Understandable we want to do all we can for our kids . BUT they charge a small fortune for these products that can actually cause MORE HARM for our kids and hide behind their disclaimer . They arent going to tell us to go to our doctors first because most doctors are going to say NO to it . He is your child . The decision is ultimately yours . PLEASE be careful when deciding . I know how tempting the thought of curing or at least helping and improving life for our child is ! Secretin was coming out just after my son was diagnosed . we were all hoping he could try it , we even ended up seeing the Dr in our area who was Big on it and had appeared on TV programs like 60 minutes or 20/20 . We never did try it and Im glad because now thye are finding it didnt really help like they thought it did . It taught me a valuable lesson not to trust everything I hear see or read about . Whatever you decide ... .. I strongly encourage you to check with your child 's doctor and have him monitored . How do you know if this might have any allergic reactions , serious side effects , cause problems with other areas of the body , or have a negative reaction to other meds he might be on ? Find out the ingredients in this product and research each one individually . Edited by MsSteelersFan on June 26 2005 at 7:45am- ~ Michelle~ - No disability can stand invincible against the perseverance of a mind that is willing to learn and a teacher who is willing to teach