Hi We have had our son on biomed for about 4 years now . Starting with multi vits.-he gained weight after he stayed the same weight for 2 years . Then came probiotics-improved bowel movements , better control of yeast . Heidi- We also started out slow on chelation . After getting heavy metals test back showing he had large amounts of metals in his little body . We started with NDF Plus . It has the chollera in it . Along with probiotics and milk thistle for live support . You have to start out at 1 drop or a dilluted drop . After 6 months of NDF , we retested and the lead and mercury levels were going down . He still had behaviour problems , but not like before . We realized he was battling yeast in his tummy and in his head . Today , he is on a probiotic cocktail . Sach B 's , Caprylic acid and PD . We alternate Oil of Oregano and GSE for yeast as well . So many drops on wrists or bottoms of feet . The yeast was under control and after many months of heavy research we started Oral DMSA . I can not describe the improvements . He gets bimonthly bloodwork to check for kidney and liver problems . I will also add that he is on LiverLife . It decongests the liver and kidneys so that they will drain acids right . How do i know he drains acids right ? I have PH test strips that tell me so . I was very skeptical at first . I didnt believe anything . I have tried things that havent worked for my son , but i have to admit i have not wasted my money . If it doesnt work i dont do it . If it bothers him it is gone , no questions asked . ALso Heidi , we do the high Vit C w/ bioflavonoids . If given together , it yields even better results than on C alone . I am glad that i choose biomed . It has changed my son and brought him out of a silent world . The days are gone where he would just look at you with a blank face . Now he talks and chatters about everything . We still have a long way to go and it will be a slow steady process . My son is mainstreamed and in first grade with one aide and i am very proud of him . He is my world and i would never do anything to hurt him . I go on my gut and i am always right . If it doesnt feel right , i move on . My son is 7 years old and has many happy years to come . The doors have opened . One final note . My baby loves computers and can do anything with them . Look out Bill Gates ( who also has autism ) he 's comin for ya . kelly