I made a mistake in including testosterone , even though it may be a factor in the fish 's reproduction ( I do n't know how testosterone got in there ) . What I initially was trying to say without being crude is that these males fishes ( afflicted with dioxin and pcps , etc. , from a plethora of smokestack pollution ) found predominantly at the mouth of the Columbia River ( where the dioxin has concentrated in still waters ) have been shown to have abnormally small `` penises '' and were therefore unable to reproduce-and that 's why I did n't say it in the first place . Besides , this is all probably just a diversionary tactic on your part to pre-occupy our minds and keep us from paying attention and learn what I have uncovered so far about the possible dangers of the DAN `` chelated therapy '' program-especially the DMPS method . It 's not about fish and their testosterone ( which you like to continually emphasize ) or even synergistic smokestack pollution with possible ties to certain dna and hormone oxidation-even though this is all a possibility . The last I heard , the DAN DMSA IV chelation therapy has not been approved by the FDA-which is what most people seem to be subjecting their autistic kids to , nowadays . Neither has the whole ( and in my opinion dangerous ) DAN DMPS process ( in its entirety ) ever been approved by the FDA . IS N'T THIS TRUE ? Even the ( multi-page ) DAN Consensus Position Paper for `` Mercury/Metal Toxicity in Autism and Related Developmental Disabilities is somewhat self-incriminating . And the children are given the drug `` Nupron '' ( as per the DAN recommendation ) after their chelation therapy session has ended for the day . And Nupron has serious side effects that may not show up for years including but not limited to : cardiovasular and lipid abornalities ; creates low ESTROGEN LEVELS ; may lower the good cholesterol ; can produce bone density loss ; can cause impotence ; is risky if mercury is high , it will take it to the brain , etc . And the Dan protocol encourages continual `` chelation '' treatments to ensure proper elimination of any and all mercury residue . And they are still recommending that your child be immunized but with `` no mercury in the vaccine '' in spite of all the other inherent toxic properties concentrated in present-day vaccines . What the DAN people should be saying is : `` Stop subjecting your child to any vaccine until it has been determined that all the ridiculous additives such as aluminum and other toxins have been removed . '' And you may feel and believe all this ( continued ) treatment was and is necessary in getting rid of the mercury in your child's/childrens ' system so he/she can grow up to be normal and `` have a normal life '' . And you may be right , but it will take years to know the whole truth . So , beware of `` assumption , '' and beware that there may be possible side effects ( that you do n't even know about ) down the road as a result of this whole series of the DAN chelation treatment and drugs . - Best Regards , Marge