My son had bad outburst too from preschool to gradeschool . He is very bright , Made the presidential achedemic award this year . He was n't diagnosed with the right diagnosis at first . Because he could not be tested well at 4 yrs old , based on his lack of self control and inattention . Finally , after a teacher mentioned that she thought he might have aspergers , I started to do the research . I talked to my sons pyschiatrist and psychologists who agreed he showed many signs of autism . I never knew all the behavior problems could come from all the frustration and extreme anxiety these kids suffer with . These kids do n't need a antipsychotic med , they need antidepressants . My son also was preoccupied with bullies and justice . This seems to be the case with Aspergers . My son did not have any language delays at all in his development . As a matter of fact , he uses and understands very big words for his grade and always has . These kids are very misunderstood , and are often misdiagnosed . Asperger kids tend to get hyperfocused on certain subjects . My son improved drastically with the addition of an antidepressant Wellbutrin . He was also on Dexedrine at the time , which only helped a little . When Straterra was to come out on the market , I called Lilly and requested study information . They told me everything I wanted to know . I went to my sons Dr. and asked to take him off the dexedrine and try Straterra . I HAD A DIFFERENT CHILD FROM THAT DAY ON ! ! ! The school could n't believe the change . My advice , first if you do n't have a Dr. that will LISTEN to you , find one that will . This is your child not his . Research , if this sounds like your child come to the office well informed . I am lucky , we have a wonderful Dr. who respects my opinions and knowledge . He asks me what I want to do when we see him . He knows I know my son best . This is just a thought on what might be going on , hope it helps . I went through the emotional rollercoaster with the school too , but I did n't ever give up . Also . If your son has a diagnosed mental disability presently I would look into the dicrimination laws reguarding discrimination against children with disabilities . Sounds like the school may be in the wrong to me . They are not Dr. and can not tell you what to med you child with or make threats to keep him in a very restictive learning environment . These kids need , even crave socialization , but their social skills are poor . They also thrive if given challenges and POSITIVE reinforcement . Negative reinforcement DOES NOT WORK ! Good Luck ! - bbird