My 6 yo grandson ( Nick ) attends an elementary school in South Carolina . He has been diagnosed with PDD , and like so many other children with this disorder he will have his good days and bad days . He , along with his 22 month old brother and his mom , live with me . When I came home from work a couple of weeks ago his mom told me she was called to the school to pick him up because the teacher called her and stated that Nick was `` scaring '' her . Over the phone the teacher was telling my daughter that Nick said he had `` green wires '' coming out of his ears . We had recently taken him off Risperdol to see how he would do . ( He did n't do well and had a slow decline back into outbursts , aggressive behavior , inability to sleep so we put him back on it and he does much better with it ) Anyway , my daughter tries to explain to his teacher that he was off his Risperdol when the principal took the phone away from the teacher and said that if Nick was `` hallucinating '' that she had to `` come get him and take him to a doctor . '' When she arrived at the school around 11 AM Nick was sitting in the office looking like he had no idea what was going on and even seem to think that he had DONE SOMETHING WRONG ! ! When I got home I asked him why he told the teacher he had green wires coming out of his ears and he told me that another kid had said that TO HIM and he was trying to tell his teacher the kid was picking on him ! Nick has difficulty explaning things to people and at times does n't make any sense . Some times his thoughts come out all jumbled up and he can only say a few words at a time . Especially when he is anxious or upset . ( We can usually figure out what he is talking about , it just takes a little time and patience . ) If the teacher and/or principal would have just taken a few minutes and asked him why he said that this whole event could have been prevented . Poor Nick was n't `` hallucinating . '' We kept him out of school for 3 days until we could get him an appointment with his psychiatrist who put him back on Risperdol and gave him a note excusing him from school so he would n't have to go through that again . Since then I have been doing some reading about Nick 's rights as a student ( and I plan to do a lot more . ) That whole situation was handled terribly and I have a sick feeling that there is going to be a struggle to deal with these people in the SC school system . If anyone out there lives in SC I would appreciate your input and support . Nick is a precious child and to see what he faces in the public school system worries me . We have even thought of going through the Home Schooling route so that his mom and I have a handle on what is going on with him . Thanks for listening ...