I 'd like to know all the things that should be included on my son 's IEP . I 've asked the psychiatrist and his therapist . They tell me I 'm smart and know what he needs , but I do n't want to overlook anything . MJ is 10 and had had ADHD/bipolar dx for several years . We have been treating him as if he was a RAD ( Reactive Attachment Disorder ) Kid for a while and now we have new dx to add ... Asperger 's with RAD characteristics . His 12 year old brother is ADD and 9 year old sister ADHD/bipolar . They all three are PTSD . I 'm a single mom , disabled and almost 60 . I was grandma to these 3 before I adopted them . Their biological mom is my adoptive daughter . She is paranoid schizophrenic , ADHD , PTSD , anti social , sociopath , bipolar , schizo-affective with multiple personalities . I 'm also an only `` child '' . LOL My father is 89 , legally blind , on hospice care for his heart problems and has cardiovascular dementia . My 3 grown children ( 2 more adopted and one bio . ) are 2000 miles away . So is b/f . I moved here 9 years ago for my health so do n't have long standing friends to count on . Respite care is available on weekends but they do so many wrong things that it takes a week to get back to what is normal . I 've found an all natural , no hormone added diet is extremely helpful . I can tell you within minutes if someone sneaks them junk food thinking `` poor little kids '' . We are also very strick with a decent time for bed , even on weekends because if they get overly tired , we end up with a `` bad day '' ! MJ is on abilify , clonodine , and guanfacine . He was on risperdol for a little while and he just bloated and it did n't work . Kinzi is on abilify and clonodine . But much smaller doses . Jaison 's ADD is just being managed by repeating , repeating , repeating , refocusing , refocusing , refocusing , and sticky notes ... .on everything . The door has one that says ... book bag , socks , shoes . The car door has one that says ... .turn in homework . He finally gets the get out of bed , shower , brush teeth , etc . But one day he forgot his pants ! I 'd love to get respite care but is there anywhere I can take them that wo n't just feed them junk food all weekend and let them stay up half the night ? Thanks for any input.- azlady