Hi everyone , I would like to say first that I am new here and I have been involved in my sons education from about 2yrs old when we were noticing development differences in him as opposed to most other kids . We enrolled him at that time in the special early education offerings in our area where he learned a great deal and gained what he needed to attend regular school on time with kids his age . Last year he was diagnosed with PDD-NOS and adhd and since has been on medication - which recently was changed from Adderall to Strattera due to sleep problems in hopes that this will assist in the nighttime as well as his daily concentration . I do notice a great deal of improvement in his sleep pattern which is wonderful as he was keeping the entire home awake all night prior to the med change . Overall since his medication start - he has improved in school 100 % academically to the point he even was exited from the `` special ed '' program due to his great testing scores at the end of last school year and now attends normal kindergarten half the day then goes to daycare at the school for the second half of the day to improve social skills and get used to the entire school day program away from home . With all this said , we are increasingly seeing a growing problem with his aggressive behavior . As a big picture - it would be all of his social behavior however he has been suspended twice now for biting other children in anger . The last time was this past week and when I asked him about the incident he actually seems to not realize his effect on the whole situation . My son is very smart and for him not to understand this makes no sense to me at all . I need some help understanding this if anyone has advice ? I also do not know how to handle his education at this time - I completely do not agree with him being suspended for 5 days ... ..they are aware of his pdd - but it seems they do not care much about it and hold him to the same expectations of other children . While I understand biting the child and breaking the skin can not be tolerated ... what can they do differently and what can I suggest they do differently ? Since the end of last school year we are now without an IEP and I almost wish we still had it so that there was more of a `` reg flag '' on him . I never would have in a million years thought I would wish for that ... .but what am I to do ? I want him to feel normal like everyone else but at the same time he has unique issues that need to be considered ... help ! - Mom to 6yr son with PDD-NOS and ADHD along with 14yr old ADD son