I can relate . Donny is just shy of 10 , but a bigger boy , at 53 '' tall and 85lbs . He is very strong , and , in a rage , is not physically manageable , even for two adults . Recently ( just before Christmas ) Donny became very aggressive , and most of it was directed at me . We had to develop a safety plan which meant that , if I was alone with him and he began attacking me , I was to back away once , and if he pursued me , I was to put a door between us and call 911 for an ambulance . Luckily , we never had to put that in place , basically because I tiptoed around him during the times we were alone , until his meds started to get things under control . We believe most of this behaviour came out of the start of puberty , and his developing bipolar disorder ( which we were expecting , just not so soon ) . Donny is on the following meds , for the following reasons : Risperdal - aggression , psychosis , mania Epival - mood stabilizer Paxil - anxiety , OCD Seroquel - aggression , psychosis , mania , OCD Cogentin - to treat side effect of akethesia Fish Oil - mood stabiliser , and good for overall health and brain function The one he 's been on the longest is Risperdal , and it definitely DOES help with the aggression . I know quite a few kids on it , who do well with it . It 's available in a liquid form , which is clear and relatively tasteless , so easy to hide in drinks . We used to use that form for Donny , back when he refused all meds and would inspect his food for medication . Possible side effects are weight gain , tardive dyskinesia , akethesia , high cholesterol , and some other things ( like a problem with a permanent erection is one , I forget what they call that ) which are less common . Most people just get the weight gain . Donny has weight gain , akethesia , and high cholesterol . Certainly , medication is an option . However , with this being the first incident , perhaps behavioural modification would work ? Are you guys working with a good behavioural consultant ? If your son is fairly verbal and has decent language and social skills , you may be able to address the issue without meds . Good luck ! - Donny 13 - classic autism , bipolar