I had a bipolar diagnosis once , but the meds for that did not help . I like to tell people for simplicity sake that the meds had the opposite effect , but it 's actually hard to describe what they really did . The overall effect was the opposite of what it should have been although the moment-to-moment effect was that I could n't even form a coherent thought in my head . Ultimately , the doctors would not listen to me about anything . It 's as if before you go to mental health , they 've already decided that you 're either depressed , bipolar , or schitzophrenic , and then they randomly pick one when you get there . None of them even listened to me ! I 've been to three different mental health places , not counting the experiment where I went to four at once , and all three came up with a different conclusion , just as in the experiment all four came up with something different using the same information and the same methods to diagnose . I 'm fixated on this right now . I 'm learning alot , and within a few months , I 'll know for sure . It surprised me to learn recently that most people do n't hear their thoughts and have difficulty with visual thoughts ( picturing things ) . Take those two away , and I 'd have no thoughts at all . If any shrink ever shut up and listened , applied a more scientific method than their own opinion , and then worked with me on treatment instead of demanding I stick with something that effectively immobilizes me , then I 'd darn near worship that doctor . Came back to add : I should mention too that usually that `` world is ending '' feeling is composed of irritation , panic , and just feeling overwhelmed . I do n't feel chipper when it 's happening due to those feelings , but it 's not always like I go into depression and then feel inordinately happy . By `` chipper '' , I mean that I feel better , not necessarily gleeful . Also , it 's not a regular cycle , and it can be triggered by people . For example , when my exwife would start trying to talk to me while I read webcomics , posted in a forum , was working on math , etc . I 'd get pist when something I had to focus on was interrupted , even if it was fairly briefly , and the event could turn a great day for me into a horrible one . Also , I do n't believe I 'm bipolar because I do n't go manic/depressive . That is , I do n't get inordinately tired or lethargic and then inordinately energetic . Also , the `` world is ending '' phases , though extremely uncomfortable , do n't last a long , long time . The worst part of it might last an hour or two usually , a day at the worst , but it 's not the same every time . I do want to note though that I have thoroughly investigated the possibility of my being bipolar , and it led me nowhere . In fact , being treated for that made things worse.Edited by Vaelant on October 28 2007 at 3:03pm- What are the lessons learned from our journey of the mind ? Humans are emotionally fragile , perennially gulible , hopelessly ignorant masters of an insignificantly small speck in the cosmos . -Neil Tyson