I 'm on active duty and can tell you from experience that being up front with who you are and understanding your limitations is in everyone 's best interest . Those limitations will ultimately come out . There was a young man in my church who wanted to enilist so I helped him . I 'd known him and his family for several years , but in the end I came to find out that I did n't really know his personal situation that well . Apparently he 'd been medicated at some point in his early teens , and he definitely had something undefined that was considered by his parents some sort of learning disability . He washed out of boot camp because he could n't process information and commands fast enough - which is when the recruiter called me asking pointed questions about what I knew about this young man 's history . The medication - keyed on by the recruiter - was n't really the issue but the underlying condition that required it ... and that condition is going to come out under stress . It 's a fairly benign situation - in that few , if anyone , are going to get hurt or killed - in boot camp when stress makes something pop to the surface . In an operational environment , though , when people are counting on you to be a `` full up round , '' if you can not process fast enough or in a way others will expect , you 'll be a detriment to the unit , yourself , and maybe even a danger . I did n't know a thing about ASDs at that time ... about 10 years ago ... and have learned a lot since then thanks to our son . I clearly did n't know this young man . I do know a good friend of mine , though , who I 'll bet has undiagnosed Asperbergers and has done great . I think he 's actually improved socially over the last 25 years . I do n't know either of you , do n't know what your specific conditions are , or how you operate - and I apologize if I 'm coming off as fairly harsh . Both of you sound like you know yourselves pretty well . Take an honest look at your limitations and remember that people will be counting on you for their lives . Then make a decision based on who you are . There are no one-man army 's like Rambo running through the woods ... that 's fiction . Everyone works as part of a team no matter which Service they serve within . I can also tell you from experience that lots of people who never spent a day in the military have served their country and their communities well . Let me encourage you both to explore , to not take your dx as something to hide behind , and to find the place which God has prepared for you . That may be in the military . It might not . But it sure never hurt to ask . What 's the worst they can say ? `` No ? ''