Ya Nick brings up some good points in the link he provided and I just wanted to say I absolutly agree . Its very hard to be real close to people at all . Now I have friends , and hang out with a girl I have known for half of my life , basicly I do things with people on the weekends and have friendships with people from work . I have found during my ENTIRE life it is utterly impossible to get real close to people . Like best friend or even girlfriend . I think it totally sucks too , tho I do like being alone alot , specifically on work days , I make it a point to sit around the house and not interact until its time for work cause at work thats enough for the day . On weekends I see friends I have had for years usually . I can never get close because connecting at those levels is tough , and cause I dont know how to do it people take things the wrong way and that can lead to trouble . And so I never really hit it off with the girl I have been friends with for all this time , even tho I feel she wishs that I had , and always remain distant to a degree around friends , particularly when they have other friends over , I find it very hard to mix with these groups of people , so I just dont , even tho I have done it in the past with only marginal success . I did have a best friend as a kid , and years down the line that would turn into the absolute worst disaster I have had with another person ever . He was the kid I felt the closest too as a kid , but it gradually faded as the years went on and we grew up , to the point where we hated eachother basicly . It then even got worse at a fatefull night at this gathering at the neghboors house , then things really ended badly for both of us . Long story short I spent up to this point not even attempting to be close to people , I still chill with friends and all , but find it just easier to deal with friends , co workers and even members of the opposite sex to be friendly but distant , so as to not repeat the bad things that happen when I got to close and the other person took it in a bad way , resulting in both of us even worse off then ever.- DX'ed with HFA as a child . Nowdays what I have would be called AS .